Support the thread starter resolutely, I replied with a poem.
Pledge to fight to defend the Diaoyu Islands and the islands related to them by death.
Again, fishing boats were bumping into fleets; they showed their wolfish appearance, with stolen hearts and a form of arrogance; evil little Japanese ghosts stirred up unrest and caused trouble.
Never go back to that humiliating time when we appeared humiliated at the signing of the Treaty. China is strong! Swords and knives shine! We bury the approaching enemy!
9/11/2010
I agree with the thread starter's analysis, if the war really comes, I would like to be Hua Mulan to protect our homes, defend our homeland, to spread China's prestige, and pledge to fight to the death to defend our national dignity. Bump up resolutely!
I very much wish I had been born during Mao Zedong's passionate, upsurging Long March to lose my head, shed my blood, completely extinguish all those wrong-doers and enemies of China, and to spread our dragon prestige.
How long have we tolerated Japan?
@Fellow Citizens,
Hello everyone, As much as we all know about the September 18th, Japan is now premeditated for another incident at sea, another Lugou Bridge at sea, something like that.
Japan defied strong condemnation from the whole world, and openly invaded the sacred territory of our country, the Diaoyu Islands.
As we all know, the Diaoyu Islands have always belonged to China. For historical reasons, what we originally belonged to has become controversial.
I would ask my fellow citizens what is ours and why is there a need for negotiations? Why is Japan going even further, wanting to create an occupation fact? Can we allow this? Absolutely not!
Japan's militarism has brought grave disaster to the Asian people my fellow citizens.
China especially suffered the ravages of Japan for several decades.
In the Northeast, Japanese Unit 731 brutally experimented on Chinese, Korean and other living people with extremely brutal human body methods. The Nanjing Massacre added an never-fading layer of blood to the ancient capital. A big bloody battle in Hengyang and Changsha bare the bones of the dead over 1,000 kilometers (600 miles) and killed everything off.
In the case of the heinous crimes Japan committed in China, there are too many instances difficult to record without all the bamboo strips exhausted, my fellow citizens.
Just like those million dead souls who have lost their lives wander over the Pacific Ocean and find it difficult to rest in peace.
All those who experienced that era still remember it vividly. At any time we turn to this page of history and read it, even our younger generation will also cry tears streaming down their cheeks and their blood will boil with indignation.
Japan actually wants to reverse the verdict on its history of aggression, so it woke up fellow citizens and Chinese people in Asia.
Although it pains us to look back to these shameful hundred years, we must go face to face with them. We must create and choose history, although the issue of history is not resolved.
Responsibility is the reason we are not afraid. The territory is small, but it is related to matters of dignity. The interests of the country and national unity guarantee honor no matter how wind and clouds change. We cannot let our native land be separated, though it may be scarred and wounded.
My fellow citizens, the 21st century will be a time when the Chinese nation will be beset by difficulties from within but from outside, and we will face many challenges.
How should we go about the Taiwan issue, the Tibet issue, the South China Sea issue, the surrounding environment, the foreign forces that are agressive towards China?
What do you do fellow citizens please look at the world map, a crescent-shaped encirclement suppresss our breath, strangles our development and covets our national territories.
We don't want to make enemies, but we will never fear them. We don't want war, but we won't fear them.
We need to urgently arrange arms and strengthen all military forces in land, sea and air.
China's nation has been flourishing for several thousand years but has never had the ambition to expand its territory outward.
We follow a foreign security strategy philosophy that applies benevolence and virtue because we don't impose things on others that we don't want.
Tolerance and liberalism by the country is like tolerance and liberalism by the individual, although in order to avoid hurting others, we must insist that they don't hurt us.
Tolerance is certainly not fear and sincerity does not have to be cowardice.
Exempting Japan from war repairs caused by World War II serves the sake of benevolence.
The People's Heroes Monument is a condense history of a nation that strives continuously for improvement, my fellow citizens.
The magnificent solemn posture represents a sacred expectation of peace.
Thought strings of my memory are agitated from time to time as they come to mind many heroic and tragic scenes of stirring spears and armored horses.
My thoughts go through those yellow pages of history, like those of the Kangxi Emperor, a generation - old ruler and famous emperor who contemplated alone in his audience hall how to achieve the unification of territory hundreds of years ago, and Abraham Lincoln, a former U.S. president who wandered in the dark of a great hall thinking about the integrity of the Union.
Forgetting about war is certainly dangerous for peace in the world, but as much as we want development and peace, we must never exercise forbearance blindly. In modern times, the Boxer Protocol of treason and humiliation has aggravated China's poor and backwardness. Falling behind leads to bullying.
Without strength, where does peace come from?
We need to focus on national defense education, build a great wall in the hearts of 1.3 billion people, and establish a full-range system capable of attack and defense for the nation.
The best defense is to strengthen the forces that can engage in ultra-long-range attacks and improve combat capabilities in all aerospace from a great distance and depth. Increase investments and construction in the defense industry, accelerate the modernization and internationalisation of military equipment, and establish high-tech, elite and high quality high-quality divisions on the premise of avoiding influence on national economic development.
The battle horn is about to sound, people are already fully equipped and ready to go.
We accomplished nothing without the support of the people, but we were all powerful without the support of the people.
It's time for us to say no to others my fellow citizens, so we must achieve.
First, a guarantee fund will be established, the working environment and work mechanisms will be improved, and hundreds of thousands of professional who have emigrated and linger in the United States and around the world in information technology will be recruited back to China.
2) Create a few battle groups of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers.
3. 5000 advanced combat aircraft of various kinds are manufactured.
4 Accelerate research and deployment of high-speed ICBMs with a range of more than 10,000 nautical miles that could break into missile defense systems.
5. Nuclear experimentation will resume and military forces will be established in space.
6 retain 1000 tons of nuclear bombs = 1 million tons of trinitrotoluene · install nuclear warheads on all short and middle-range missiles when needed.
7) Retain 30 strategic nuclear submarines capable of inflicting 3 devastating nuclear strikes on the enemy.
8. abandoning your commitment not to use nuclear weapons first.
9. The right to preemptive strike shall be retained in the event of a threat to national security.
We can strive to be strong only if we are confident and improve ourselves, fellow citizens! Qin Shi Huang unites China! Zheng Chenggong recovered Taiwan! We have to carry on the far-see, insight and strong will of our predecessors!
Now those trembling pieces of land far away from the motherland embrace shake, moan, and call. Fellow Citizens, let us carry forward the unfulfilled wishes of the previous generals by moving forward with courage!
As I read history, the heaviness and anger in my heart simmereth in concern of the nation. Though born in a cloth gown, and among the common people, I am willing to serve my country voluntarily for the sake of the motherland's prosperity and splendidness once again, and shall not regret it even if I die. It is adequate for me to show my sincere and patriotic heart to heaven.
I have composed a poem here in the classical form of ci, to voice the aspirations of my heart.
Paint your lips deep red.
Protect the Diaoyu Islands.
We have bitterly lost our "Ryukyu Islands".
How can we allow the Diaoyu Islands to fall to other countries?
It's been 100 years of vicissitude.
Smoke and clouds chased the flying waves.
My youngest brother is still a tender youth.
The seal wandered in all directions and was born.
Look over the flag.
We brandished our weapons and crossed east.
Let the horse drink from the Pacific Ocean.
2002-06-26
The other article titled "I have a dream for Taiwan compatriots: a memorial museum or temple for Chinese national heroes: how long will we tolerate it? Even though the country has never begged for the Olympics, it is not a shame; if we forget about the hardship of history, there will be more history of hardship; I am a Taiwanese compatriot; Taiwan is only one nation and one culture; the state may decline when sports overdevelops; whether it is a wealthy country, strong people, poor people; my brother and sister need to be strong, disgusting Ren Zhiqiang needs to shut his filthy mouth, hateful housing prices and people who can pity, Google says Japan has no right to make irresponsible remarks about history; how long will we tolerate the US?
Why didn't we fight a little Japan?
What are the Chinese still tolerating?
They even rode on our heads.
Is this still what the gut of the Chinese are doing?
We should tell the whole world that others cannot bully China at will.
It is time for us to show our strength. China has been calm for too long.
Currently, all our citizens' lives are too uncaring. Officials are too extravagant.
We already have no cohesion now. China needs to start a war. The faces of countries following the rear of the United States will be brutally slapped.
Let them know that the US is not a panacea. If we win, we can increase Chinese influence. If we lose, we can improve citizen cohesion. If we lose, we can clean out incompetent bureaucrats and make the trash get out. Let China have new blood and update! Get China up!
Go China!
I suggest that China strengthen its guard of the Diaoyu Islands, guard them on a daily basis, protect the fishermen and sovereignty of our country. If Japan dare to invade our territory with military force, regardless of the cost, we will fight a small scale war to defend ourselves. China cannot lose.
We need shows in life, but showing you being embraced by someone is really p.
I just passed by.
The whole society, including the stars, is like this.
Damn, not "sexy".
It's totally Unacceptable.
Agree, they're just cheap entertainers. Their reputation in feudal China makes somewhat sense.
Their lives look glorious.
A group of people from nine professions.
Life's hard.
Shocking.
That's normal, whores are heartless and performers aren't always righteous.
They want money, not face.
Look at the wolf near Ms. Fan with glasses, you know actors have to drink with him, not be forced out or even framed.
sonofabitches.
Okay, as long as it's something lovelious to eat.
No one is easy, life is like a show, you have to look at the script to know how the performance will be.
All somebody.
Top Imperial examiners in all 360 walks of life · Efforts and Enthusiasments behind the top Imperial examiners · This humiliates the word " bean".
Hahahaha.
Overdo.
Reality.
Shoot that hooligan.
A cheap performer.
A cheap performer.
The entertainment circle is dirty. All the men in it are birds, beasts and scum.
Pity them, but who to blame? That star female isn't going to be easy.
Everybody does this, how can you make money if you don't?
Women get proud when in front of other people, but get in a melancholic mood when they stay alone.
To put it plainly, nowadays's stars are just popular people from ancient times, they are now famous prostitutes, so it should be normal to just drink or sleep with some high officials.
Stop talking to other people, just behave.
What should we do in the future? Should we face such hard choices too? Capacity alone is not enough to succeed?
More suffering disguised as a glorious look is indisputable.
It's not so bad, they're just playing in their circle, if they don't keep things in mind.
But there was an old guy, Zhang Jizhong, who behaved like a hooligan in his circle, who also thought he was virtuous without any talent. He made a TV series when he had nothing to do to wreck the people of the whole country.
Both took what they needed.
When can China have pure innocent girls?
The story is now very shocking in the world of entertainment. There are rumours that Hsu Yuki was forced out for refusing to drink with the company arranged guests and had to instead switch to working as a lawyer assistant to make ends meet.
Super-stars with much envy often encounter social engagements or circumstances they do not welcome but must join.
After all, they can't make many decisions because they have to have many aspects and interests of many people.
Sometimes a very normal dinner party that seems to us ordinary people can not be that simple for the stars as they imagine.
Star actors have a lot of contracts and if they tackle well, they roll in a source of money. Forced out or even framed will come off her heels if she doesn't tack well.
Starring smart females are two kinds, those of the first kind always hold very high integrity and sternly reject all such invitations.
The second kind of person is good at playing tricks and achieving his objective with his seed money.
Rumour is that even some super-females stars won their first roles this way.
After drinking some alcohol, advertisers or show sponsors may have a chance to lie on the shoulders of the star female, feel her chin, or kiss her cheek, and the most adopted attitude is to endure.
They are the very people in the lower nine professions.
Those stars just pretend and actually live much better lives than this!
Agree, they're just cheap entertainers. Their reputation in feudal China makes somewhat sense.
Agreed.
Oh well, actors aren't easy.
They deserve it, they asked for that.
Nothing easy dawned on me.
Women are birds and beasts, and men are worse than them.
Brawk!
Brawk!
It doesn't take long.
In late 2004, Route 288, a circular highway running around the southwestern quadrant of the Richmond New Urban Region, was opened.
It already changes the development pattern by making it worse and causes localized congestion around its exit.
The Richmond Times-Dispatch told the tale of the impact of the Huguenot Trail in Powhatan County today.
Will Jones reports traffic on one section of the Huguenot Trail has more than doubled since 288 was opened.
Speed and accident surge as well.
Reports of 17 accidents near Winterfield Road, up from 12 in all of 2004, so far this year.
Virginia Department of Transportation Engineer Dale Totten noted that if the state had more money it would have four lanes of roads at about $13 million.
Of course, VDOT doesn't have the money to construct roads in the Richmond region.
Because the VDOT spent all their friggin' money on 288 with local politicians and boosters.
Where's Homer Simpson when you need him?
Duh, this is a major moment.
We predict Route 288 will generate residential development in all of the sparsely populated areas around its exit, overtaxing local roads in the country.
Others choose where to work and live, while the limited access highway can relieve traffic for motorists driving back and forth between Chesterfield and Goochland Counties.
And they created a congestion of traffic in the new place.
I'm surprised this is happening only this rapidly.
Even I think it may lag 3 or 4 years.
Think about the liability you are creating for all of your exits, Route 288 already created a road construction at $13 million just this one exit.
Another prediction.
The need for new roads will soar after scattered subdivision development and approval of mega- commercial projects at 288 and major roads over the next few years.
We can well see the unfunded liabilities zooming well past the $400 million originally taken to build the original highway before the end of the decade.
Brainiacs who think Route 288 is such a great idea.
Thanks for nothing.
I think we could spend $400 million elsewhere for better.
I don't think you should blame 288 for creating those people.
If they are enough to create a congestion of traffic in a new place, what is the alternative?
Additionally, traffic congestion in the old places?
Now you understand how people like TMT in Fairfax feel.
I usually take a pro-road position.
However, 288 is definitely an excess with a glaring need in other parts of the state.
Richmond has virtually no traffic.
Rush hours last about 30 minutes.
And give them a beltway through a largely rural area.
There's no road to nowhere.
Just think about how this money could be spent for another Potamic crossing facility or the road improvement desperately needed in NOVA.
"The rest of the state helped pay for 288 during last year's budget deal, adding insult to injury, so that wipes out the debt," said the Virginia Centrist.
It's very nice of you all to oblige us.
but doesn't make much sense.
Same old problem.
If you get ahead of need, you're accused of causing sprawl.
It is claimed that if you build in a place where there is already an acute need you cannot pave your way out of congestion.
Anonymous
That's the fair point.
5:26 is a good point.
However, this situation has hammered home the validity of state auditors' reports that find the CTB and VDOT are funding transportation projects based on the best lobbyists rather than comprehensive plans for state transportation.
I submit this is a disgraceful situation that should not be tolerated.
And Senator Chichester and his toadies poured more money into these flawed institutions, making this worse.
Why the expense of transportation?
In Virginia, it was for the benefit of private business plans, not public interest services.
You're all dead wrong.
Walter Stoch stated no less that 288 is intended to be paid for with economic development money.
C'mon folks.
TMT, I don't understand your point.
When's the last time you didn't go to some sort of business and get stuck in traffic?
The whole point of the road seems to me to facilitate the public interest in getting into and out of private business.
There is an overwhelming need for business support, of course with Sunday driving, trips to grandmother's location, and soccer games.
No wonder we suffer congestion problems, our road expenditure is not matching the increase in business or state GDP.
If we recognize that the roads are primarily for business, then we should do two things.
Businesses should pay more into our transportation bills (of course they pass them on to us) and incentivise us to locate them at the least stress to the system, even if that means more overall travel.
Why is it so hard to understand?
The solution is a functioning human settlement pattern and balancing the capacity of the transportation system with the travel demand generated by land use.
Spin on all else.
@EMR,
TMT said it was for the benefit of private business plans and not public interest services in Virginia.
I don't see the point in this statement as it appears to demonise private business plans and put the public interest above all else.
I think they are tightly intertwined, so they are virtually the same.
The local problem is that this cookie dough is lumpy.
But if we demonise businesses long enough, we will eventually find that in aggregate, all of us are working for the devil.
I don't see the point in claiming a solution to the balance of a dynamic nature that will never change.
Even you see the DC-Dulles rail as a positive, as it's a job center that promotes bidirectional rail demand.
I agree.
That may in fact be the sufficient reason to build it all on its own.
All I'm saying is that the exact same logic should apply to the road.
They should have a destination at both ends so we can use our investments to the max.
We need more places to get closer to the balance you say we need.
Here's a reality check:
I drive past Watkins Landing every morning and evening.
I commute back and forth to work on the Huguenot Trail.
I've never seen anything remotely like flooding in traffic.
It's a 55 mph zone with 75-100 cars every morning.
The Huguenot Trail is already planned to be widened, with heavy development on the Chesterfield side, new schools, and a whole bunch of existing developments that were zoned years ago and funneled through Robious Road.
288 would be wonderful for those of us who actually use it instead of bottlenecking the roads of Powhatan and western Chesterfield.
We may be a commercial development and our work may be closer to life.
You might think that's irrational use of land.
I have no desire to live in any city.
I refuse to work in the downtown area.
I refuse to use mass transit, which is unsafe for female commuters who work irregular hours and long hours.
And I happen to like a large lot of the development.
I don't understand exactly how I'm supposed to keep the horse on a 1/4 acre lot.
A gallon of gas can go for $10.
And I still pay for living in the country.
Many people legitimately prefer horses, hunting, gardens and certain types of small businesses, making them not want to live in urban cores.
I am truly baffled by this infatuation with living in a city.
Anonymous 6:37 - You have every right to live in the country if you wish.
But you have no right to have the rest of the state underwrite construction of a $400 million highway to make shopping and getting to work easier.
In the 288 debate, there was consistently an overlook of what else could be spent in the region of $400 million.
Much of the congestion in traffic can be alleviated if the money is applied to other pressing road projects or even, god forbid, no roads projects.
Ray Hyde · My comments are directed at investors who lobby for roads to be placed near property owners and at the incompetent system that funds these requests regardless of whether or not they are linked to master transportation plans.
I'm 24 and am a mother of a 2.5 year old.
I've been broken up with my son's father since August.
I wanted to start dating other people, and my father said he would have nothing to do with it.
He was very possessive and controlling, but since we were together he had no rights.
He's going on too much in his life right now and although I've told him several times that I don't and don't love him, I think we can work.
I don't need him there for my son too.
But he has no one. His family has not gotten along with him and has issues with him.
I don't want to be miserable anymore, the longer he's around the more miserable I get.
I don't want him there for my son, he's a good father or at least he tries to be.
I believe every child needs both parents, be they together or not.
But he thinks no one can have me if I can't.
What do I do to move on in my life?
It's very bad when your ex threatens you using his son.
You don't have to give that, if you do it just escalates.
You have the right to live your life and be happy, don't cave under threats from him.
If he really loved his son, he would see him regardless, but this is just the typical control method that people like me use.
Others have said things like "If you leave me, I'll kill you". Is it going to get through to you?
Date.
meet all kinds of people.
Do what you want.
At the price of him voluntarily walking out of the lives of both of you, you would probably be better off without him.
I agree, one other thing that's not his business is whether or not you date.
I didn't tell him.
Not because he's a threat, but because it's not about your personal life.
Can you document his threats?
You really need.
Quit taking his calls and make him leave voice mail.
Make him email or text you.
Keep that record.
Get a lawyer and get a divorce.
Try legal aid if you can't afford one.
Tell your ex all communications need to go through lawyers.
Bus drivers, tillers and food delivery people want exactly the same change.
Do they not realize that you don't get a pile of change in the bank?
Someone has to take a note somewhere?
People get lazy.
I like to be near as near as possible as I don't like counting copper all day long.
If you take a £20 note on the bus they will just tell you to get on the bus as you are as hell lazy as hell.
It is illegal to pay a certain amount with a load of coins - you can only pay something like 30p by using a penny.
Hello, I started uni in September but like most people, it didn't gel immediately.
I know it will take me some time to adjust though, I am always a very introvert, shy, anxious, and all the rest.
All my house mates went out the first night I was here and it was the hardest thing I ever had to do.
I went to a student union bar on my own once sober.
But there are more points to be made. Facts here.
After being here for about 5 months, I don't enjoy University much. The course is disillusioning, I don't enjoy the set projects and don't like the course delivery.
The University is much better out than it seems.
I started my first term badly, student finance was delayed adding to the level of stress and I was so worried I couldn't progress work as it was all piled up (in conclusion).
I was assigned a counsellor at uni and he saw me for about 5-6 weeks in a block session and in my honest opinion it didn't really work out as I never opened up to him.
Only half hearted.
I am now fully loaded with work from my neck, I have to hit major deadlines, I am depressed and anxiety has resulted in me feeling miserable all the time.
I no longer have a counsellor as you can only have one so many sessions at a time and I doubt you will be able to help me much this time if I haven't already helped you.
I lack motivation, don't feel comfortable with my lecturers, feel like wanting to give but can't bring myself to do so as I end up in a dead end job and aspire to be someone.
I would rather die than not be educated and not live the life I want to and make matters worse dropping out of uni.
I'm 21, turning 22 this year, don't have much time left to fail, have to do something.
I failed college once and did another course so I could get into uni. I don't want to go through the system over and over and fail consistently.
Could someone please give me some advise?
Go and see your dr and see how you can get him to extend your deadline to try and ease the pressure a bit?
Send an email like this to your tutor and they will consider mitigating circumstances (don't worry, they have seen all the "uncomfortable" admissions before, I know as I used to work in the University administration department).
Break what you work for into chunks you can manage.
concentrate on one bit of work at a time, obviously start with the most urgent assignment.
Don't shut yourself off from your housemates, do well, they tried new things from the very beginning, keep it up now.
I recommend you go see your doctor too.
If you've always been an anxious person, speaking to someone might benefit you. My friend gets therapy from the NHS, so it's really normal for anxiety.
Try to get the deadline extended, to be honest I'm sure your university will allow it.
Keep strong and keep carrying on life hard.
My mum divorced, she had a horrible time with my stepfather and the freedom she found sent her round the bend.
She has Encephaly, manic depression and a huge anger problem.
She was constantly horrible to me.
I can't cope with her outbursts and hateful and nasty remarks when I'm at home.
I was a 95% bursary student in sixth form at a high pressure private school at the point of breaking point.
I can't work at home because she shouts at me.
Then I got angry with my teacher.
At one minute she was lovely like I had my mummy back and then at the next minute she turned into the most spiteful living human.
I haven't passed my A2 and I've already accepted defeat and this year will make me a failure.
How can I come back from this? University is the most amazing offer but I can't even accept it. I've never made a grade.
I wish I could wipe her out of my life. Without her things would be so much better.
But then I think I'm just being selfish.
But surely my life wasn't meant to be like this?
It should be so much better.
But I feel like I'm not in control of this downhill spiral.
And I don't know what to do.
Thanks for reading.
Nice vent.
You can't get her section for that.
Does she even have a history or diagnosis of mental illness?
Sure, you don't know you don't get a good grade, so if you can, you'll accept the place.
Life throws things at you all the time.
Outsiders are not someone in your family.
I had to deal with verbal abuse from my dad for 8 years before I came to uni and honestly, it's the only way out.
If you really want out, work hard.
It really sounds like if she can't give you consistent support, you need support somewhere else.
Can you call Childline or something like that?
You can go to the library on a Saturday and study there for a good 8 hours.
Can you go to a friends house to form a study group?
Are you wanting a section of her because she's a bit of a pain in the a** and you're blaming her for all your problems?
I know how you feel.
My mum got spit out of hell too.
I highly recommend taking up smoking.
Oh, tsr grew up and stopped nagging, it's a joke.
I think in the last year or two people have become much weaker and in doing so dulled down my personality in order to try and make friends with some people at uni.
But being overly nice to people leads them to believe they can say or do whatever the hell they want to me.
They showed absolutely no respect.
For example, I say hello to someone from uni and they ignore me, then 30 minutes later they decide they want to help me out with some work and give me some.
It caused a lot of anger and distress in my life and really started affecting my concentration at uni.
Has anyone got any experience in handling this sort of thing or how to go about gaining some respect again?
You just said no.
If you're not particularly comfortable with it, gradually do it.
You can start with "I'm sorry, but I'm busy."
Of course, you don't go over the top to not go completely the opposite direction.
If you think no in your mind, then say so.
They start to respect you more as they start to realize you don't bend over backwards for them.
Well this is really such a bad attitude, of course if you're nice but not to the point where you just let them do anything to you, that's not nice, that's a fool.
I don't know if anyone has read this, but I just feel desperate and feel the need to tell someone.
I left home in September and started at uni. I was incredibly anxious about doing this but delayed thinking about it until I got here. I'm here now and have been for over two weeks. I feel terribly overwhelmed by it all and feel unintelligent and socially awkward.
I've struggled emotionally for the majority of my life since moving to secondary school, I lost my dad when I was around 9 and used to always blame him for my feelings, I've had 2 counselling periods in my life, from December 2009 until around March this year, which was roughly 15 months.
At the moment I feel like the problems in my life are not credible and make me ever more doubtful of my always low self esteem and doubt myself about anything and everything. I can't concentrate on work, often find myself becoming very quiet on social occasions and doubt myself.
Two counsellors didn't diagnose me with depression and suggested I didn't suffer, but I was hugely worried about depression causing my dad to die and my mum to commit suicide.
I've tried to solve my problems before, found exercise and meditation particularly useful, and have also tried things like self-help books and tapes. However, this generally feels like my life? I'm wasting one chance to exist and one chance to be a young man. These feelings beat me away.
I simply don't know what to do and when I think of what to do, I never follow through. Friends often say I'm lazy and I can't disagree a lot of the time. I feel like people are trying everything they can to help and fail time and time again.
Sorry for anyone reading this jumbled mess, I feel a bit like a self seeking moaner, but I truly do feel desperate.
It is common for existing feelings to become more intense when people are in a new situation and feel pressured to socialise with strangers and fit into roles such as university students.
I am not a health professional and can only speak from personal experience, so I strongly suggest you see qualified health professionals for your feelings and worries about depression.
Most people feel unintelligent and awkward when they first get to uni, so you're definitely not alone there. However, I really recommend you get an appointment to a counselling service at your uni. It doesn't really matter whether you're depressed or not, obviously you have some problems at the minute and you can use some support. Meditation and exercise are really helpful, so try to do them. However, you have to engage with help and life in general to get somewhere, not beat yourself up because you feel unmotivated to do anything at the minute. A lot of people feel like this and hopefully it will pass as you begin to feel better. Don't be kind to yourself and get some help, labels aren't as important as your experiences.
Good luck.
I think a lot more people feel the same way as you do, but medicate themselves by using friends. That's probably not the solution as such, but being around friends during depression is definitely better than being alone and depressed. Either way, if you fancy chatting, feel free to message them privately.
If I were you, I would focus on the idols. You aspire to someone like someone who came from a bad background and ended up successful, happy, had family, married etc. You don't want them, but someone you admire and respect.
Focus on what you have achieved in life, not on what you studied or indeed why? Because you want experience? Because your mum wants you gone? Because you need a degree for the career you want?
Either way, sum up why you're there and work your bottom off to get the best possible grades because once you get your degree, you have something you can say like hey, I didn't fail, I worked hard and passed.
X
I hope this helps.
I'm pretty much not an Autistic, I was not diagnosed with dyspraxia, I thought the doctor was misdiagnosing, but I do walk on my toes nearly all the time.
It's more comfortable for me.
What makes them decide that walking on toes is a sign of autism because it seems so random and doesn't always indicate autism?
Well, I may have some signs for something on the autism spectrum, but who doesn't?
You guys know what I mean.
Walking on toes may be an autism symptom.
A headache may be a symptom of a brain tumor.
Feeling tired a lot may be a symptom of leukemia.
Symptoms don't always apply, but if there's a lot of symptoms in a case, clearly in this instance, it's worth noting, so if there's no note, nothing will ever be diagnosed.
I used to walk on my toes, but I was born with a strange undercurved toe that had to be straightened in surgery two years ago.
My brother is Autistic, but I haven't noticed it either, the spectrum is so broad and he probably has mild Asperger's, so he has communication problems and doesn't pick up on social/body language.
But then I don't have the proper dx and even have some symptoms which may not mean you have a certain condition.
I don't walk on my toes much because I've been told not to for years.
I have dyspraxia.
So you may be dyspraxic or have short-tendon.
It drills people who do dance/gymbastics/ballet/etc to the point where I find it more comfortable now.
I don't read too much about random symptoms like that.
Hello, I'm a 12 year old girl who is self-harm adicted and will be 13 in 2 days.
I started cutting each individual finger with a scissors when I was 7, and I never stopped from that day.
It's getting worse as I have a scar on my leg from cutting myself with a staple in my ex's name as he wouldn't stop cutting if he bled.
I have several slit in my arm.
They heal and then I cut them into staples for school robbery and razers.
I take around 5 paracetamol and other drugs and take them with lager and vodka when the cut can't be found.
I was really tempted to cut or burn my arms as I wrote this.
I am an addict. Once one is healed, I cut again.
I think about it every day.
I'm 12 and my life is already sick of me.
This is from when my dad left when I was 7 and didn't want me to know him anymore.
He just cares about his new little girl, his wife and his new life where I don't want him.
My best mate died when I was 10.
I was in a relationship with a 16 year old boy and he forbade me from speaking to him because of what had happened and the age difference.
My mum also suffers from bipolar and has depression.
I don't want to stop.
I don't care what you do to me. I want you to do it time and time again to torture me. I hate you.
But I do love my best mate loads, he means the world to me and if he does anything he does it for me.
I didn't tell him, but he found out.
I don't want to hurt him. I don't want him to hurt me.
What do I do?
Thanks for reading.
Are you on any drugs or getting any therapy?
You should talk to your school nurse or your GP and tell them what's going on.
Maybe a schoolteacher you can trust and tell.
People can help you if you tell them.
If you keep it bottled up inside, it will likely only get worse.
Trust me, it's better to get these things as early as possible, rather than let them get even worse.
Please don't do this.
I was 17 and started self harming mainly arm cuts last year but stopped it a few months ago.
It's hard, but you can do it.
I feel so much happier but seeing the scars reminds me of how I felt at that time and how strong I wanted such things done to me.
And also strong. You can do it. I found my savings by writing poetry and keeping journals.
Self harming is addictive, but you can overcome it.
Remember self-harm does not define who you are.
You can overcome it.
So i found myself always checking my belongings every time i went out, especially to uni, to make sure i didn't lose or leave them behind, so i thought i was getting a form of OCD.
I often have to check twice a go and then after 30 seconds for some reason I can't resist checking again.
Why this?
Am I crazy or something?
It happens most often when I'm carrying many things, not rarely when I'm not, and I still check many times a day, is this OCD to any extent?
What can I do about this?
I often get very anxious without checking and sort of go away after 15-30 minutes but there's so much anxiety that I can't wait that long.
I feel or feel doomed if I lose my wallet or phone.
I just wish I could go out without having to worry about whether or not to leave something or lose it every two minutes.
I don't really know what to do and am afraid to go to a GP.
They probably never heard some compulsion like this and I just don't know what to do.
Would any of you have a similar ritual?
People think I'm crazy, but it's very strange to get you out of this.
What can you advise me?
I used to do this on my way to college. I had a list of items I knew I had on me and used to check obsessively on the bus.
I have more severe anxiety now and I think this is a warning sign, so just try to wean off the habit relatively fresh and definitely visit your dr but also tell him not to keep checking these things. I know it's easier said than done.
Don't worry about that, the doctor will see a much worse case.
In my psychology class today, I did :P about OCD.
One way you can get rid of compulsive behavior is just avoid it, so don't check if you're losing something and just leave it at that.
Although your anxiety levels will increase for a duration, they will gradually decrease, and your OCD will hopefully disappear over time.
That just sounds to me like you're overly anxious instead of having really bad OCD.
I was very obsessed to the point of getting up every 20 nights to check on all the lock in my house, particularly the ones on my house.
I sometimes get convinced they're not locked even though I know they are.
I think it will become a real problem when the obsession really starts interrupting your daily routine.
Don't worry, you're definitely not crazy, and I'm sure your GP understands the issue.
I went to therapy for other reasons also and they encouraged me to pick and stick to the (obviously less than 20) number I checked and cut it down.
I think it's a good idea to be taught and if I check every 5 or 20 times, I'm still OK.
I'm doing a lot better so far and think there's definitely hope that anyone who wants to improve will.
I'm usually pretty calm about things, like to take things as they come and am not too worried.
But I've found myself becoming really anxious about things for the past month or two and haven't talked about merely feeling nervous out of the blue.
I'm beginning to feel irrational about a variety of things I didn't worry too much beforehand, and didn't even think of as something that caused bells to ring alarm in my head.
I'm not sure if this is because of a lifestyle change (going from caring free students to unemployed graduates) or if it's a sign of other issues, but it's beginning to bug me because it affects my confidence and happiness.
I've spoken to a few people about it, including my parents, but all they think to me is to go through a random phase and should hold off acting until it's clear there's a serious problem.
So wondering what's the best to do.
Speak about it to your doctor and see if an anti anxiety pill can take the edge off of things?
See if I can speak to a counsellor?
Or should I take the advice of my close people around me and just keep an eye on anxiety until it becomes a problem?
Well, you shouldn't start trying to keep an eye on your anxiety, as that will make you tense and more likely to panic and cause a circle of demise there.
As soon as you start feeling a bit panic about anything, I should try focusing on something that guarantees that will make you smile or feel happier.
If you can't do that, get one of your friends to make you laugh when you start feeling panic. It will work for you, and I suffer random panic attacks lol.
I'm just starting to get really worried about tiny things, although they're not as severe as you sound like.
I find it helpful to just talk to someone else about what makes you anxious.
In perhaps a non moaning way, I found myself mentioning my worries to mum and seeing her react to the situation calm as I should, which made me feel better about her and know that it's not a big deal and I don't need to be anxious about it.
But if it gets worse, then go to the doctor.
I have a friend who suffers from severe anxiety, which can prevent him from leaving the house and doing things because he is so worried about what could go wrong with it.
Doctors gave her medication and made her much better.
Texas needs help, especially Austin.
Help for Gulf survivors
Mega link to the site.
<a href="http://www.keshertalk.com/archives/2...g_hurrica.html">http://www.keshertalk.com/archives/2...g_hurrica.</a>
Hurricane refugees were helped in Austin, Texas on September 3, 2005.
I used to live in Austin, Texas and just got emails from the earlier synagogue and a large online community there.
Houston has been overloading and many refugees have proceeded to Austin.
If you live in the Austin area and want help, there are many resources listed in extended entries.
There is new from Jews in the affected areas and some theodictions contradict the theological idiocy of free float.
Jewish organizations are collecting funds for relief.
South Texas church takes in refugees
If you need news about loved ones, here's a list of evacuees and where they are.
● Texas University in Austin and Texas A&M are coordinating with Tulane to enroll college students displaced by the floods.
Trinity U in San Antonio also.
If you wish to volunteer immediately please contact the Austin chapter of the American Red Cross at 512-929-1229.
The message may need to be left and may take up to a day to return your call.
AUSTIN COORDINATED IN KATRINA RELIEF
Volunteers are looking here.
Here's a look at evacuees.
Here's a list of lots of relief efforts and fundraisers in Austin.
More are on the list here.
The website for the Jewish Community Center of Austin has an update on local relief efforts.
The Jewish Community Center of Austin will also provide free access to fitness facilities and free use of towels and showers.
Please contact 735-8000 for more information.
● Jewish Family Services (JFS) is coordinating counselling and housing assistance.
There is also a housing hotline.
Leave a message and someone will get back to you as soon as possible, please call or email Mitch Sudolsky at 512-250-1043 if you need apartment, office, room at home, etc. or can offer.
The Burger Center is now closed and everyone is being sent to the Convention Center.
● The Capital Area Food Bank can use donations and volunteers.
They collected and prepared non-perishable food boxes for local shelters and meal programs and helped with the Katrina effort.
Goodwill Industries expects a massive amount of clothing and other items to be donated, so if you are in Austin and plan on donating stuff, now is a good time.
From the First Baptist Church in Oak Hill:
We have a free standing house on the grounds of our church.
It has three bedrooms, airconditioning and a kitchen.
We can take in 6 mothers, a baby under 6 months old, and more if we have room.
I also started a waiting list.
We don't take men in and we are prepared for the security issues for boyfriends and like, but we mainly want to assure privacy for other women.
I'll try to find a near house for my dad at our church later if I can.
We are trying to place these people in jobs and private houses as soon as possible.
We need supplies like comfortable nursing chairs, rockers, foot stool, boppies, slings, baby cloths, diapers.
wipes, baby toys, changing table, diaper genies, bed rail, futon, sheet towel, nurse wear, new mom cloth, elastic!
loose tees, nursing bra and pads.
Basically, imagine camping with newborns.
The mail where mom's relief supplies are dropped off is First Baptist Church, 6907 Convict Hill RD, Oak Hill, Texas 78749, and you can call Ann Bennett at 512-8203 for more information.
Beginning Friday, a United Van Lines truck will be stationed at the Junior College Athletic Association to collect items approved by the American Red Cross, including new or gently used cloths, staples such as toothbrushes, toothpaste, diapers, non-perishable food items such as bottled water, peanut butter, tuna fish, granola or cereal bars.
Please separate clothing items and label them for children, women, or men!
Clothes should be separated from food items or other needs.
This good will be distributed by the Junior College Athletic Association when more information is available about who will accept it, local and regional needs.
For more information please contact Liza Levine 512-735-8078 Alan Potash 512-735-8012 Hayley Wasser 512-735-8082
As of this weekend, hotel rooms were available.
The Holiday Inn, 343-0888, located at 8901 Business Park Drive, costs $49 and $59 a night for Red Cross work.
The Renaissance Austin Hotel, located at 343-2626 Arboretum Blvd., Hurricane Katrina Block, $59 a nigh.
The Doubletree Hotel, rated "Determined," 6505 North IH 35; Jon McFarland's cell: 470-5715; the AmeriSuites, rated "Determined," $231 to $8491 a night; Linda Wilson or Joan Buquet's cell: 3612 Tudor Blvd.
The Austin Area Interreligious Ministry asked the clergy, leaders and members of the Austin faith community to come together at First Baptist Church on Thursday, September 15, 2005.
We begin an Interfaith service of reflection, song and prayer.
We subsequently have a strategy session focused on developing infrastructure to care for refugees coming into Central Texas and those remaining in their home states.
We will also focus on developing a group of spiritual-trained care providers available to meet the needs of those in crisis.
On Thursday, September 15, 2005, there will be a service of faith - between - faith worship, including a reflection, prayer and singing service at 5:30 p.m. and a meeting of strategy at the First Baptist Church, located at 901 Trinity Street, located at the intersection of 9th Street.
There are plenty of parking options.
Please respond by email (aaim@aaimaustin.org) or call (512-386-9145). Food will be provided at $3.00 if you can attend.
By Judith · Posted: 09/03/2005 15:23
Help Gulf survivors
Here's a mega link to the site.
<a href="http://www.keshertalk.com/archives/2...g_hurrica.html">http://www.keshertalk.com/archives/2...g_hurrica.</a>
The local news is showing more volunteers and food here than victims, but by all means send everything you get.
Somebody uses it.
Dell can buy one home for every victim that makes it here.
We are in the 9th section above the Leogane area.
We are hungry and our houses are destroyed.
Please help us a little.
09/02/2010 20:51
● Needs medicine and tents.
We count on your assistance because people ask us to find you this stuff.
Every day there are plate of hot food.
Thanks.
19/01/2010 05:49
I lost my entire family and couldn't find anyone to help me.
I don't know the last time I ate anything clearly.
27/01/2010 12:16
Good Morning, we're in Pelerin.
We need some food, water and hygiene supplies.
Please, you cannot let us perish. Please.
20/01/2010 08:17
Phone number: 070311 · None of us at the Rue Petrel extension behind College Mevar get any help.
20/02/2010 13:51
Good day.
We listen to the Voice of America.
We are in the city of Tiboukan in the 24th section of Gresye.
We are starving, we need medicine, we need food.
Please help.
22/01/2010 13:19
I'm from Saint Marc. I'm at Alliance University in Delmas. The earthquake made me come back to find my mother. She can't do anything for me. I need a land thing.
23/02/2010 14:23
The condition was bloody as the child was undergoing delivery at the corner of Delmas 31 and Rue Marien.
24/01/2010 11:09
The big guy took the prelate to sell it for 250 gourde at Delmas 32 and the street bookman didn't find it.
23/02/2010 09:17
We need water to drink.
Please tell us how you pray, we almost don't believe in God and your prayers never arrive.
8/03/2010 09:45
Good afternoon.
We live on top of Saint Antoine in Dubois.
Hunger is killing us.
We need help.
19/01/2010 13:20
We are OJCAD in the area of Duffort, Leogane. We have about 800 families in need of help. Thanks a lot.
7/02/2010 00:29
Please people in Carrefour at Magloire Ambroide avenue, aid has not reached this area please do something such as shelter near Salem.
21/01/2010 10:45
I'm in Croix de Bouquets and I need tents and coupons.
16/02/2010 09:04
No one is talking about the homes destroyed in Kenscoff.
23/01/2010 15:24
Should we crawl on Route Nationale 1 in Cite Boston to help you?
20/01/2010 14:22
We don't have water, food and shelter.
We found medical aid.
People in Brat darbonne will find the box even if it is difficult at the Pond Branch.
Please bring some to us too.
05/02/2010 13:11
Good evening, would like you to pass me a message.
A place called Fort-Jacques (Donte?)
These people never received anything!
Please pass this message on to me.
15/02/2010 10:38
Please help me.
Please send us aid/help.
We are in the Mandine area of Petion Ville.
Thanks.
26/02/2010 14:32
Good evening, hope you keep La Tortue in mind, there are a lot of wounded people coming in and they don't have clothes or food for them.
19/01/2010 17:40
I live in La Plaine. My wife got pregnant. She was injured by falling rocks.
She can't walk.
We haven't found anyone to help us.
We are in the Moya area.
18/01/2010 08:36
We are in Bon Repos, we are victims, we need water, something about werewolf?
24/01/2010 05:15
We are in the Mathieu building in the third commune section of the Grand Riviere of Leogane. We are waiting.
19/01/2010 02:01
Save our souls we need water and food we are around Delmas 95 next to the Carribean market after bridge
24/01/2010 07:10
I can't resist anymore as my resources are finished. We in nway in the Croix-des-Bouquets area have never received any help from anyone. We are used to seeing things go to other parts.
19/02/2010 12:41
We need food, tents and healthcare in Port-de-Paix.
06/02/2010 21:22
We were at a local pinson on Delmas 1.
We need food and water greatly.
21/01/2010 11:18
We are located in La Plaine, Bon Repos, Moleya 7, Ruelle Mackendi, and Impasse celeste 40.
19/01/2010 10:34
We are dying of thirst at 25 bis Martisan, Doctors without Frontiers are bringing us food and water.
21/01/2010 13:54
We live in Sainte Marie on Impasse Nicolas in Canapevert. We need tents, water, food and bug killers.
Nobody has come to where we live yet to help us.
05/02/2010 13:01
We are down the street at the Haitian Coast Guard next to the EDH electric company on the road please send the responsible authorities as we are on the street thank you
21/01/2010 13:24
A lot of the help has come from the Plateau Central. No help. We saw a lot of trunks full of rice but they stopped and wanted to sell it elsewhere.
9/02/2010 03:19
The wounded in Saint Michel do not have medical.
This looks like part of a message cut off.
18/01/2010 07:07
I'm at Thomassin 32 in the Pyron area.
I would like to have some water.
We desperately need water, thank God we are fine.
Thanks.
17/01/2010 03:35
We are in a bad shape.
Our living conditions in our places at the impasse are not good.
The name is in the Silo.
19/02/2010 06:55
We are in Fontamara at Louis St 1 and 2, we have not received anything, we need water.
Thanks, we'll wait for you.
22/01/2010 12:36
We are dying of hunger please help us, Patience is the second narrow street to me.
20/02/2010 13:27
Good evening Digicel.
We are here on the second level of the Church of Saint Maire.
We have yet to receive anything other than water.
Please, what can you do to help us?
09/02/2010 00:50
We are the tradeswomen in Dessalines and Rue Perodin.
We have a problem.
I have a lot of people in my house.
Help me.
19/01/2010 21:50
Save our ships.
We live at Ruelle Alix Roy.
We never found help, we also had a little baby with us.
Please do something for us.
03/02/2010 01:16
I live at National 1, Bon Repos, Croix-des-Bouquets, in the Moya area near the police station, please we need assistance with everything.
18/01/2010 16:33
We are here.
We are in St. Nicholas Hospital in Saint-Marc and we need water, food and medicine.
And many people have left the capital to come to the cities now, send help.
19/01/2010 17:49
We in Clercine 26 have never received any help.
We need food and water close to Village Theodate please.
08/02/2010 13:52
We are in the Immaculate Conception Hospital in Les Cayes, complete with Rue Duvivier, thank you a lot, may God bless you.
20/01/2010 13:29
Hello, couldn't find a tent for the people living in Delmas 2 on the coast.
19/02/2010 15:39
SetC-SMS-093
SetC-WP-03
m3807
You know what to do.
I'm sleeping outside in Place Canape Vert.
I can't find a tent to sleep in.
I don't have food and money.
21/01/2010 13:29
SetC-SMS-094
SetC-WP-04
m1456
We are located at Monrepos 38, Carrefour.
We don't have more water.
21/01/2010 08:34
SetC-SMS-095
SetC-WP-05
m3519
We live in La Plaine and have been sleeping in the street since Tuesday.
Our houses were destroyed.
We die of thirst and hunger.
We can't take this anymore.
We would like to know when help will come.
18/01/2010 13:26
SetC-SMS-096
SetC-WP-06
m1367
We plead at the new road in Renaissance Village.
We plead for help to help us die of hunger · The new army-built TN links Solei directly to the National 1 Highway.
There are many old sugar cane workers' villages in this area that have been turned into slums or poor residential neighborhoods.
20/01/2010 08:45
SetC-SMS-097
SetC-WP-07
m3311
We are in the area of Ranche Croix Des Bouquet and we have no water or food.
21/01/2010 08:52
SetC-SMS-098
SetC-WP-08
m3031
I am in the department of Lesdunes, Artibonite, and I have not prevented this, and I need help too.
09/02/2010 13:25
SetC-SMS-099
SetC-WP-09
m3956
How can we find help and food at Rue Menos and Fontamara 43?
21/03/2010 19:08
SetC-SMS-100
SetC-WP-01
m3812
``They need help in Gros More, they need help with medications, food and water in Artibonite, thanks,'' Sivilien Sagesse said to you.
21/01/2010 12:33
SetC-SMS-101
SetC-WP-02
m2839
We are located at Mahotiere 75 and have no food, water or tents.
06/02/2010 16:00
SetC-SMS-102
SetC-WP-03
m3142
We are asking the Ministry of Public Health to help us with flies and mosquitoes in shelters.
Especially in Canapè Vert.
4/02/2010 00:13
SetC-SMS-103
SetC-WP-04
m3411
There's no way to sleep by me please, I'll wait for your response, God bless you all.
I'm in Departement Sud in Saint Louis Du Sud.
16/02/2010 07:53
SetC-SMS-104
SetC-WP-05
m3554
Hello, we are in the rain, we have no carpet or tents at Boukman Street, Delmas 33, we need some help.
19/02/2010 16:45
SetC-SMS-105
SetC-WP-06
m0851
The problem in Paco Lazon is that the General Police Department wants you to know that you are almost out of food and water.
17/01/2010 06:46
SetC-SMS-106
SetC-WP-07
m3422
Where can St. Marc be?
● The people of St. Marc from Port-au-Prince found food.
Are we hungry?
02/12/2010 20:51
SetC-SMS-107
SetC-WP-08
m2956
We've got doctors and water but no food please find us at Andre Street, Brochet 99 Church, thanks.
09/02/2010 01:42
SetC-SMS-108
SetC-WP-09
m3376
Good Morning, we hear about you.
We live in Canape Vert in Saint-Hilaire.
We need help, but we'll never get it.
13/02/2010 13:17
Some 2,500 university students formed a human chain of Japanese characters spelling out "No War" in Osaka on Sunday to protest the US-led military campaign in Iraq.
"We cannot forgive this war," Miyako Fuji, 20, one of the rally organizers told the Jiji news agency.
I want to join the feelings of each of us anti-war individuals together.
Jiji news said more protesters carried placards reading "Stop the war and Love and Peace" as they formed a human chain after 15 a.m. (0600 GMT) in the expected number of people to show up at Osaka Castle in the city's downtown neighborhood.
The protest follows a string of other protests involving tens of thousands of peace activists across Japan since January.
A Kyodo news agency poll released Saturday said 78 of the 100 people surveyed opposed military action in Iraq.
A separate poll of 1846 adults published Tuesday showed 64 percent felt Japan had no choice but to back the United States and only 12 percent said Japan had every reason to back the war.
British Chancellor Gordon Brown named the current head of Britain's energy regulator as the new chairman of the Financial Services Authority financial watchdog on Tuesday.
Former senior banker Callum McCarthy began one of the most important jobs in the world of finance in London in September, when incumbent Howard Davies stepped down.
Davies left to become chairman of the London School of Economics, one of the best known parts of the University of London.
Brown said McCarthy would bring no rival combination of public sector experience, senior financial service industry practice and chairmanship of a highly successful regulator to the Federal Security Agency.
McCarthy is currently head of the Office of Gas and Electricity Markets which regulates Britain's privatised energy industry.
McCarthy previously held senior positions at Barclays Bank, BZW and Kleinwort Benson and is a former Department of Trade and Industry top civil servant.
In November 2001 the Financial Services Authority became the sole British body to regulate financial services, taking on various functions from nine separate agencies under Davies's watch.
Tribal mobs hacked at least three family members to death in the northeastern Indian state of Tripura for alleged witchcraft practice, police said Thursday.
A spokesman said between 25 and 30 armed men attacked the house of a quack doctor in a village 60 kilometers (40 miles) south of the Tripura state capital Agartala on Wednesday.
A mob dragged out three family members and killed them with machete and spears before they fled the area, a spokesman said by telephone from Agartala.
Among those who died were quack doctor Nityalila Naotia, 55, her teenage son and another family member whom people have not identified.
The spokesman said Naotia was believed to be a practicing sorcerer and cast evil spells on villagers with his black magic, prompting a group in the village to eliminate them.
Police arrested 4 people for killing in connection with the killing.
Superitious beliefs, black magic and demonology are integrated with tribal customs in parts of Tripura and other northeastern Indian states.
Many tribes practice a faith believed to be a mix of black magic and superstition.
30 dead in week of unseasonal rains in Oman
MOSCAT, April 19
Police said 30 people, including five Indians, four Pakistanis and a United Arab Emirates family swept away in their cars, died in the week-old heavy rains in Oman.
7 people were killed when a wadi, a dry river, overflowed during heavy rains in the region of Wilayat near the border with the UAE. Police spokesman Abdullah al-Harthy said: "We recovered seven bodies and a vehicle.
Five Indian and four Pakistani officials have died, Indian and Pakistani embassy officials said.
Dharam Datt Choyal, a construction worker from the western Rajasthan state, was found dead on Friday in a decomposition, said Bhupinder Singh, first secretary of the Indian embassy.
Two other Indian workers are still missing after Choyal's truck was swept up in a flash flood Monday in the capital, Muscat.
Police reported 16 dead since the rains began two days ago Wednesday.
The sun was out on Saturday and traffic was normal in the capital.
Meteorological officials said the wet spell, which started Monday, seemed to be ending.
The largest market in Muscat, Muttrah souq, reopened Saturday after three days of knee-deep flooding.
A Pakistani court in the central Punjab on Sunday sentenced a Christian man to life in prison on a blasphemy conviction.
District court judge Shahid Rafiq in the industrial city of Faisalabad found Ranjha Masih guilty of defiling Koranic verses during a protest rally for the minority Christian community in 1998.
In a verdict they handed down on Saturday, they said the judge also ordered Ranjha to pay a 50000 rupees fine, about about 870 US dollars.
Ranjha was accused of tearing down a Koranic verse billboard in Faisalabad during a Christian demonstration after a Christian bishop committed suicide under a blasphemy law in 1985.
When a judge convicted Christian Ayub Masih under law in 1998, Faisalabad Catholic bishop John Joseph, who campaigned against the law, shot him in the head outside a court in the Sahiwal district.
Ayub Masih was charged in 1996 with allegedly blasphemed in his defense of British author Salman Rushdie in his novel The Satanic Verses, which infuriated radical Islamic clerics who accused him of defaming them.
A supreme court in Pakistan acquitted Ayub Masih last year for denying uttering anti-Islamic or anti-Mohammad words.
blasphemed is punishable by death under Pakistan's Penal Code.
However, blasphemers convicted in the country have never been executed.
Christian rights activists said the law against Christianity introduced by late military dictator General Zia-ul Haq was mainly used to persecute or settle land feuds.
The Los Angeles Times said on Friday that French beleaguered media group Vivendi Universal is in advanced negotiations to sell its theme park business to US firms for around 1.5 billion dollars.
The report comes as a money-lender group said it plans to sell off its US unit Vivendi Universal Entertainment and other assets to focus on telecom activity and its French cable television business.
The Times said Vivendi Universal is in negotiations to sell its flagship theme park to the New York investment firm Blackstone Group in the first step to dismantle its entertainment empire.
A Vivendi Universal official was not immediately available for comment on Friday.
The Blackstone Group plans to buy Vivendi's theme park divisions including Universal Studios Hollywood, Universal Orlando in Florida and Universal's interest in owning Spain and Japan's theme park, a source close to the negotiations told the paper.
Blackstone already holds a 50% stake in two Universal Orlando park's.
Earlier this week Vivendi confirmed months of press speculation that it plans to shed assets including its famous movie studio Universal and its television assets before the end of the year.
At a shareholders' general meeting Tuesday, CEO Jean-Rene Fourtou told shareholders that a sale of Vivendi Univeral Entertainment is a major 2003 goal and negotiations are already underway.
However, Fourtou said he had not yet received a firm offer from his giant US music business Universal Music Group and had not taken a final decision about his future.
Once a utility company like France had to reshape to slash its huge debt burden of around 18 billion dollars.
In 2002 the group recorded a net loss of 2.9 billion euros on sales of 3.8 billion euros, France's biggest ever.
Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom stressed Wednesday Qatar's role in the Middle East peace process during talks in Paris with her Qatari counterpart, sheik Hamad bin Jassem bin Jabr al-Thani.
Shalom told a joint press conference that a strong relationship between tiny Gulf States and newly-appointed Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmud Abbas could boost peace.
We are discussing the process of Middle East peace.
Over an hour of talks Shalom said: "We assert that the parties -- Israel and the Arab world -- are willing to do everything to return to the negotiating table.
Qatar is a very important country in this issue.
He said, using the alternative name of Abbas, that he knew that the Qatari Foreign Minister had a special relationship with Abbas.
Shalom met his Arab counterpart for the first time since taking office as Israel's foreign minister on February 27.
Qatar has economic links with Israel despite maintaining diplomatic relations with Israel, facing criticism by other Arab countries.
Shalom will later fly to London to talk with British Prime Minister Tony Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw.
The White House said Tuesday that US President George W. Bush told Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien in a telephone conversation Monday to look forward to seeing him at upcoming summit that will include major industrialized nations and Russia.
Bush spokesman Ari Fleischer said the two leaders will discuss upcoming G-8 meetings, the US-Canada relationship and other international issues for days before the June 1-3 summit in France.
Both said they were looking forward to seeing each other in Evian.
Fleischer said they will also touch on Afghanistan, the situation in the Democratic Republic of Congo and the global economy.
Bush has not definitely postponed his visit to Canada, choosing instead to host Australian Prime Minister John Howard, who has endorsed the Bush military campaign, amid a chill in relations between Australia and Canada over the anti-Iraq war.
Chretien told reporters Monday she will discuss a wide range of issues with Bush, including Iraq, the upcoming summit of the industrial-powerful Group of Eight and aid to Africa, who has not spoken to Chretien since late February.
We have always been a good term.
"We disagree on just one item," the Canadian leader said.
A provincial chief of the main opposition Congress party in India told an election rally Saturday that India suffered a curse from nature and therefore Prime Minister and President were bachelor, reports said.
The Times of India quoted Indian Chief Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee and President Abdul Kalam as having offended Hindu god Varuna by remaining bachelor as stating that Digvijay Singh, minister of the central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
The country is ruled by a bachelor president and an unmarried prime minister.
Singh said the Hindu holy shastra said this was very auspicious and caused widespread heatwave and drought.
He added that President Kalam's status of a bachelor, not just Prime Minister Vajpayee, would make him a country "dry, arid and infertile."
Vajpayee's ruling Bharatiya Janata's Secretary General Pramod Mahajan retorted that Singh's statement was beneath contempt.
India is reeling from a heatwave that has killed 1403 people since mid May.
Western desert state Rajasthan also braced for a five-year straight drought.
A second baby's skeleton was found in a rural Wisconsin home, where the 22-year-old woman's dead infant was discovered in a plastic container in a blue plastic bag on June 8, officials said Monday.
Kristin Scott told police she secretly gave birth to two babies, one unknown sex in April 2001 and the other a full-term girl on January 14, 2001 at her parents' home in the Richland County town of Byrds Creek.
Police arrested her in Abilene, Texas, where she moved with friends on June 2, police said Saturday.
She was held on $50,000 bail on charges of first-degree reckless homicide and hiding the corpse when the infant, born in January, died.
Scott told police she didn't tend to the baby and that the baby died in about 30 minutes.
According to the criminal complaint, she said the baby had to die.
A woman's parents, William and Nancy Scott, found the decomposing body of the first baby in their closet after going to look for the source of the foul odor in their house.
Scott told investigators he sometimes moved those bodies in the closet of his house in Byrds Creek, in the trunk of his car, and in the closet of his apartment in Richland Center before moving around to Texas, according to the complaint.
The sheriff did not release other details about the second baby.
Security forces in the position they held in the Gaza Strip before the outbreak of the 33-month uprising, said a Palestinian source Monday, as Israel removed all major checkpoints in coastal territory.
Police officers, enjoying freedom of movement they had not known since the explosion of the Intifada in September 2000, have taken up positions across the Gaza Strip, the source said.
The Palestinian police took over all posts and positions held by the police before September 28, 2000.
They have been free to move by car and weapons for the first time since the Intifada started, the source said.
The move marks a huge step forward in carrying out a US-backed roadmap for the Middle East aimed at ending months of bloodshed and creating lasting peace between Israel and the Palestinians.
Police took up positions there and in neighbouring Beit Lahiya following Israeli troops' withdrawal late Sunday from the northern town of Beit Hanoun, he said.
They are also deploying along the Israeli border.
The Palestinian Authority, which must show business means when it comes to rein in hardline groups plotting attacks on the Jewish state, will be tested by handing over credibility.
The Israeli Intifada -- the army -- allowed Palestinians to circulate freely on the Trans-Gaza Highway for another almost three years with troops abandoning three major checkpoints across coastal territory.
Traffic was flowing freely in the junctions of Netzarim south of Gaza City, near Deir al-Balah in the center of the Gaza Strip and Kissufim and just south of the Guest House after the army withdrew.
Three military checkpoints on the highway, which runs the entire length of the Gaza Strip, transformed the ordinary 30-minute north-south trip from a grinding ordeal of two or three hours into a symbol of the horror of occupation.
Israel has implemented most agreements except for a few issues, the source said, pointing out that Israel still has two military observation posts at the Kissufim and Guest House junctions.
Several other roads remained temporarily closed but movement was free along the trans-Gaza highway, he said.
Karni-Netzarim road, which runs east to west across the route, and a section of the highway passing close to the settlement of Kfar Darom, just south of the Guest House junction, was still closed, he said, adding that it was likely to open in the coming weeks.
Another road leading from the southern border town of Rafah to Khan Yunis could open within 10 days, he said.
In response to Palestinian complaints, Israeli military sources confirmed troops had installed gates at the intersection of Netzarim and the southern Guest House, but said they were only there for the time the Jewish settlers needed the road to be used.
The ban on freedom of movement for Palestinians under the age of 35 is still in force with the ban expected to be lifted later Monday or Tuesday.
The army also handed over control of the Rafah border crossing between the Gaza Strip and Egypt to the Palestinians, the source said.
Six Palestinian police officers were allowed to return to a Palestinian section of the border that was taken over by Israeli troops shortly after the uprising started.
Although the zone is finally controlled by Israel, Israel and Egypt must jointly manage the Rafah border crossing into Egypt, under a 1993 Oslo Accord granting the Palestinians autonomy measures.
Israel has manned the Palestinian section for more than two years but in principle the crossroads are open for movement between the two territories but are frequently closed for unexplained reasons.
Witnesses said five Iraqi civilians including a woman were killed Monday when missiles fired by US-led warplanes hit their houses.
Their house was located in one of Al-Azamiyah districts, one of the most populous areas in Iraq's capital Baghdad, the capital, said.
One house was destroyed in the strike and a casualty removed from the area.
A US-led coalition launched a new round of air strikes in Baghdad at 2:30 p.m. Monday.
They said there were "huge explosions" in different parts of the capital and air raid sirens sounded, adding that Iraqi anti-aircraft artillery began firing back.
Coalition leaders have repeatedly assured that every effort will be made to minimize civilian casualties in the current Iraq war despite reports that at least 130 Iraqi civilians have been killed in the war since it started five days ago.
Other reports reached here said five Syrian bus passengers were killed and 10 others injured Sunday when a bus traveling near the Iraqi border was hit by a US missile.
The vehicle carried Syrian people who had fled the war in Iraq.
A tornado killed 16 people in eastern China.
HEFEI, July 9
A fierce tornado swept through eastern Wuwei County of China's Anhui province Tuesday night, killing 16 people and injuring 162.
The tornado struck several towns at 11:10 p.m. Tuesday and 2 a.m. Wednesday, the state's relief disaster office said.
57 people are still being treated in hospital for serious injuries.
Officials said the storm affected 2,681 people, destroyed 715 houses and caused an estimated direct economic losses of 24 million yuan, or about US$29 million.
1786 people have been transferred to safe places to date.
Rescue teams, medical staff and relief materials including tents and food have arrived in the affected areas.
The lack of precaution was blamed for the avalanche accident in northwestern China.
Miyuan, China, April 5
Search continues for two hikers missing in avalanche in northwestern China's Qinghai province Tuesday, with the main reason for the tragedy listed as a lack of precaution that has already left one dead.
Head of the state mountaineer administration in charge of rescue operations Deng Haiping said the six tourists had no experience climbing a mountain covered in snow and knew little about the terrain.
All the members of the outdoor sports clubs in the Qinghai provincial capital of Xining are six people.
Lu Shimin, one of the three survivors, said two of them had climbed such a mountain for the first time.
Deng said they had no compass, no altitude-measure apparatus, let alone any special communications equipment usually used in mountains.
He also said that snow slide was a "bold idea" that caused the deadly avalanche.
The accident occurred Saturday afternoon, when six people slid down the 3700-metre high Daban mountain in Ertanggou, in the county of Menyuan Hui Autonomous, Haibei Tibetan Autonomous.
Three survivors of the avalanche reported to police, who then started rescue operations with villagers' help.
One body was found early Sunday morning.
The rescue organization's headquarters said one of those listed as missing was in Hong Kong but their identity was not defined.
Deng said he could take an id card with him, that his name was only known in Mandarin, and that the local government would try to find out his identity with the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
A fifth rescue team has been dispatched to search for the missing and more than 140 rescuers are now involved in operations.
But thick snow and signs of a new avalanche hampered rescue work, Deng said.
``In the last three days we have found no missing clue but two helmets,'' Deng said.
Los Angeles officials mull ways to accommodate Katrina evacuees.
LA ANGELES, Sept 6
Los Angeles County and city officials tried to determine Tuesday how best to accommodate at least 2,000 evacuees expected to be brought to the Gulf Coast in the aftermath of Katrina.
Los Angeles County Supervisor Gloria Molina assembled key members of her administration and Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa assembled key members of his administration to assess how they can host thousands of displaced families who survived the disastrous hurricane, officials said.
Molina and Villaraigosa committed to take at least 2,000 evacuees.
Local officials announced earlier that a task force for Katrina evacuees would be created in Los Angeles city/county to assist survivors with transition immediately and in the long term.
California's emergency service office, federal government, municipal and county departments and nonprofit organizations such as the Red Cross coordinated the local effort.
County and municipal supervisors jointly activated the Los Angeles County emergency operations center to prepare for intensive response involving emergency assistance to evacuees.
Dozens of people have already traveled from the ruins in Louisiana and Alabama to Los Angeles County and shelter at the nonprofit Dream Center.
A new task force will be formed to assist with shelter, support services, information and coordination for private sector assistance so as to find more permanent housing for evacuees as soon as possible.
Molina and Villaraigosa called on the private sector and nonprofit organizations to help provide for the needs of children and families coming to the Los Angeles area.
At least 33 people dead in Rajasthan floods
NEW DELHI, Aug 22
The death toll in the Rajasthan floods has touched 33 as five more people were swept away in the past 48 hours in the desert state, where nine districts face the fury of monsoon rains.
The situation continues badly in the districts of Udaipur, Dungarpur, Barmer, Pali, Sirohi, Jalore, Kota and Jhalawar.
Over 1500 villages and towns were submerged, spreading throughout this district.
Relief operations were also hampered in some places due to continuous rains.
Electricity and telephone networks were disrupted in areas affected by the flooding and widespread flooding affected road and rail networks.
Schools and colleges are definitely closed in the lake city of Udaipur.
Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje said the situation was still grim in the flood-affected areas.
The Indian news service quoted the chief minister as saying the flood situation was slowly improving and less water was flowing into dams where water is constantly discharged.
Raje said a flood loss assessment would be done soon and sent a memorandum to the Indian government seeking assistance in rehabilitation and relief operations.
Indian Army continues relief operations in flood-affected areas of state, helicopters drop food packets in affected areas.
7 dead, 98 injured in eastern China tornado
hefei, July 4
7 confirmed dead, 98 injured in tornado that hit eastern Chinese city Tuesday, disaster relief authorities said.
In a press release Wednesday, the state disaster relief office said seven people including three people in Renhe and four in Qinlan were found in the debris of collapsed buildings.
All the injured villagers were treated at a local hospital.
Doctors said one of the 10 seriously injured people was in critical condition.
Officials still calculated damage to the eastern city of Tianchang in China's Anhui province, where tornadoes packed winds of 100 kilometers (62 miles) per hour destroyed more than 100 homes and forced the evacuation of at least three villages with at least 1100 people.
Provincial Vice-Governor Zhao Shucong led a relief team to Tianchang Wednesday morning with promises of relief funds, materials and medical assistance.
In recent weeks, many Chinese provinces have reported disastrous weather as floods hit the center and south of China, while droughts persisted in the north.
A flood caused the deaths of 233 people and destroyed 118,500 houses in 18 areas Monday, while a drought left nearly 7.4 million people short of drinking water, the state's disaster prevention headquarters said.
Residents evacuated after massive land slide in central China.
Yichang, Hubei, April 20
About 200 people were evacuated Sunday night, under threat of a massive land slide in central China's Hubei province, local authorities said.
Head of the Xingshan County land and resource bureau Du Honghui said 200 people including teachers and residents had been evacuated to shelter at a middle school in Gaoyang.
The continued rain triggered a slide of 60,000 cubic meters (200,000 cubic feet) of land.
It was 2,000 cubic meters (60,000 cubic feet) of rock mud, inundating nearby primary schools and villages with 37 homes.
As of 22 p.m. Sunday, the classroom floor of the teaching building in Gaoyang's center primary school, with all the windows, pupils' desks and chairs damaged, covered by 1 meter (3 feet) of deep mud.
The playground was inundated with 30-50 centimetres of mud.
Du said rescue efforts were underway and the land slide situation was closely monitored.
There were no reports of casualties because primary schools did not have classes over the weekend.
Authorities have decided to suspend primary school classes for three days since Monday.
Up to 106 mm of rain has fallen so far.
Weather forecasters said the rains would continue into the coming days, continuing to swell underground water exudes at land slide sites.
Disaster relief staff expect land slide areas to get worse with bad weather.
Up to 141 mm (3 feet) of rainstorms have killed two people in Hubei in the past three days.
Motor cycle drivers swept away as they passed the bridge.
Others were killed by light strikes.
The storm, which caused flash flooding in some areas, affected nearly 83,000 people in 16 counties or cities in Hubei, the state government said.
The earth quake hit the Indonesian city of Sukabumi.
JAKARTA, Oct 27
The earth's 5.2-magnitude quake shook the city of Sukabumi in western Java province Monday, but no casualties or material losses were reported, the Meteorological and Geophysics Agency said.
The epicenter of Sunday's quake, 12 kilometers (6 miles) below sea level, was located at 7.87°N 107.23°E, 111 km (72 miles) around the southeastern city of Sukabumi and 13 km (nine miles) southwest of the southwestern city of Bandung in Java province.
Indonesia is the world's largest archipelago sitting on a fire ring in the Pacific, an edge of a tectonic plate prone to seismic upheaval.
A 5.0 earthquake hit the Solomon Islands.
WELLINGTON, Dec 18
The earth's 5.0-magnitude quake hit the southern Pacific country of the Solomon Islands Thursday, with no reported casualties or damage.
The U.S. geological survey said the quake occured at 6:22 p.m. local time (1800 GMT) with the epicenter about 455 kilometers (230 miles) northwest of Honiara, a city of 145.5 kilometers (110 miles).
The earth's 5.3-magnitude quake also hit the southern Pacific country of Vanuatu earlier that day, causing no casualties or damage.
The quake occured at 3:20 p.m. local time (1800 GMT) with the epicenter 90 kilometers (56 miles) northeast of the city of Port-Vila, deep 258.5 kilometers (230 miles).
Nargis survivors recount tragedy
YANGON, May 13
Some cyclone survivors, coming the hard way from disaster-hit home regions to seek shelter in Yangon in the aftermath, recounted Tuesday their bitter experience of the recent Nargis cyclone, which has stroke their area.
Survival villagers in Laputta, a city in the delta division of Myanmar's southwestern Ayeyawaddy state, said they had experienced terrible human tragedy after escaping the Nargis storm's much-heaped death.
Farming survivors in the village of Pinzalu, which lies far from Laputta, said they were standing by the hardest hit township, with total collapses of houses and 20-foot (65-meter) high tidal waves driven by a cyclone storm.
He said if his two young daughters were carried and one died in a violent storm, he would try swimming to escape.
He had no alternative but to abandon his dead daughter in the waves and try to keep afloat for a long time by holding a nearby fallen branch of a tree.
He cried out as another dead daughter was found in his hand after storm winds had stopped for a moment.
He recalls his parents sweeping away by tidal waves at the start of the tragedy and being left alone to live.
Many other people in his village were similarly swept away by storm waves, he said, adding he had walked to the town of Laputta afterwards witnessing all the houses in the village under water on the way.
If he faces hunger, he will not be able to find drinking water and food, so he will try to survive by drinking juice from fallen coconut.
Another woman villager told local media she escaped by staying on the roof of a hut but was stroke by falling bamboo in the wind.
Those unable to stand a strike were swept away overnight in a storm.
Walking to Laputta, she said she saw many dead on the way, estimating the storm had killed about three quarters of the people in her village.
She described that only five people remained alive in the nearby village of Yway Ywa.
A teacher in the village of Yay Wai Ywa spoke to the local Weekly Eleven news, adding most of the dead were female.
"A whole village was crying in the storm, if the world was devastated, and some family members died in a series of road collapses," she said.
She exclaimed she had not found any dependents in Laputta but was resting in some spoils of a pagoda pavilion with shelter.
Some well-wishers have donated millet gruel, but it must be queued, she said.
Local doctors worry about hygiene issues as tens of thousands of homeless victims dispose of urine and also constitute a health-view threat to thousands of dead and unresolved bodies.
A deadly tropical cyclone Nargis, which occurred over the Bay of Bengal, severely hit five divisions and states -- Yangon, Bago, Ayeyawaddy, Kayin and Mon on May 2, covering the state's biggest coastal towns -- Haing Gyi, Pathein, Myaungmya, Laputta, Mawlamyinegyun, Kyaiklat, Phyarpon and Bogalay -- sustaining the heaviest casualties and infrastructural damage ever.
The official death toll, which was not updated until Monday, said a total of 31938 people had lost their lives in the cyclone storm, 29770 remained missing altogether and 1403 injured.
2007-08-21
Iran, Islamic Republic of (IR)
International; weapons; politics; proliferation; energy
The International Atomic Energy Agency reached an agreement with Iranian officials that stated there are no remaining issues and no ambiguities regarding Iran's nuclear program and activities.
U.S. and European officials suspect that efforts to obtain technology that could be used to produce atomic bombs are masked by Iran's civilian nuclear energy program.
U.S. and European officials suspect that efforts to obtain technology that could be used to produce atomic bombs are masked by Iran's civilian nuclear energy program.
U.S. and European officials may impose a fourth round of sanctions on Tehran at the U.N. Security Council's fourth meeting on the issue of Iran's nuclear energy program, most likely in September 2007.
The International Atomic Energy Agency will distribute a limited copy of the IAEA report before its 35-member board meets on 11 September 2007.
The findings reflect an Agency agreement with Tehran that was publicized by Iranian officials the week of 12 August 2007.
The accord said there remain no issues and no ambiguities regarding Iran's nuclear program and its activities.
According to a Reuters news account the IAEA report said significant steps had been taken forward to work plans.
Reuters quoted a senior U.N. official as stating that the Iranian government's efforts to enrich uranium are slowing.
The IAEA report stated that Iranian officials must continue to build confidence in the scope and nature of Iran's present and future nuclear program.
Iranian officials stated on August 30, 2007 that Iran will cooperate with the IAEA so that further rounds of international sanctions can be prevented.
Iranian representative to the IAEA Ali Asghar SOLTANIEH stated to the Fars news agency in Tehran that the report emphasized that there are no signs or evidence indicating diversion of Iranian nuclear activities and that all Iranian materials are under audit.
Some non-proliferation experts have stated that the IAEA has ceded too much to Iran.
David Albright of the Washington-based Institute for Science and International Security and Jacqueline Shire of the Institute for Science and Security wrote in a criticism published the week of 19 August 2007 that the idea to close the files would violate fundamental safeguard principles and that the agreement does not specify that Iranian officials provide the IAEA access to key people needed to verify its answers to questions.
Independent experts stated that Iran's latest agreement with the IAEA to access more nuclear sites and information is short of Western demands that Iran halt production of concentrated uranium that could potentially be used in a bomb.
U.S. State Department Spokesman Tom Casey stated that Iranian officials have not met any international obligations regarding the nuclear program but the report may offer some new details or insight into the program's development.
Casey stated that the continued nuclear program moves forward and shows that the Iranian regime continues to defy the international community.
Most Western non-proliferation experts stated the August 21, 2007 agreement contained little to dissuade policymakers in Washington, London, Paris and Berlin from moving forward another round of Security Council sanctions.
Experts stated that many previous issues of transparency that were reported resolved at the agreed on August 21, 2007 should be resolved.
Executive Director of the nonpartisan Arms Control Association Daryl G. Kimball stated that the agreement addresses problems in the Iranian government's pursuit of enriched technology and capabilities that could lead to the production of nuclear bomb materials.
Kimball stated that the Iranian government is designing to deflect criticism and pressure and claim progress.
Iranian officials stated that with more sanctions the reduction could be made by collaborating with inspectors.
The Security Council voted unanimously to impose sanctions on Iran despite limitations on the penalties demanded by the U.S. under pressure from China and Russia.
In an interview with state-controlled Iranian television Soltanieh stated that the report and measures make no justification for any other international intervention including the Security Council.
2007-09-30
Israel (IL)
proliferation; technology; international; politics
A document was distributed to the Nuclear Suppliers Group outlining Israel's proposal to allow international transfers of nuclear technology to States that have not signed onto non-proliferation rules.
The proposal could complicate the Bush administration's efforts to win exemptions for India to engage in the nuclear trade.
Israeli officials convinced key groups engaged in the nuclear trade to adopt a new international guideline allowing the transfer of nuclear technology to non-proliferation States that have not signed onto non-proliferation rules.
Countries including India, Israel and Pakistan that have not signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty are prohibited from participating in international nuclear trade including the purchase of reactors, uranium fuel or yellowcake.
A document outlining Israel's proposal was distributed to 45 members of the Nuclear Suppliers Group in March 2007.
The Israeli presentations were made without any paper allowing for official denials.
A letter from the chairman of the NSG said on March 17, 2007 that an Israeli presentation would be offered in the context of the group's debate over an Indian official's bid for exemptions.
India and Israel are the only nations that have not signed the treaty and are eligible for admission to the NSG.
The Israeli plan would offer 12 criteria for allowing trade with non-treaty nuclear States.
One criterion indicates Israel's status as an undeclared nuclear weapons state and says that States should be allowed to engage in nuclear weapons trade if they apply stringent physical protection, control and accounting measures to all nuclear weapons in their territory, to all nuclear weapons facilities, to all nuclear weapons sources and special nuclear materials in Israel.
The document circulated on Capitol Hill in September 2007 as the Bush administration worked toward an agreement with Indian officials.
Executive Director of the Arms Control Association in Washington Daryl Kimball stated that the Israeli documents may affect the debate over India.
Kimball stated --
The dynamic at the NSG is that the country's officials do not want to be an obstacle to India and the United States being the largest and most powerful.
A consensus on India will be difficult to reach at the meeting of the NSG in November 2007.
The Israeli proposal would give some officials reason to suggest an alternative approach to specific exemptions.
Israel's record of following international nuclear rules is better than India's.
Despite ties between the Israeli and U.S. governments, the Bush administration rejected the Israeli proposal.
The proposal could complicate the Bush administration's efforts to win exemptions for India to engage in the nuclear trade.
President Bush and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice view the pact as an important part of the Bush administration's foreign policy legacy.
The deal is controversial in India and must be given approval by Congress.
A delay in winning approval for the Indian deals could negatively affect the administration's foreign policy legacy with the most detrimental effect being an election year delay.
State Department spokesman Tom Casey stated that the U.S. government views the India deal as unique and does not see it as precedent for any other country including Israel.
Israeli embassy spokesman David Siegel stated that suggestions that the Israeli government demands exemptions or links the effort to any other issues including the Indian debate are grossly inaccurate.
Seigel stated --
The Israeli Government has never asked or made any specific requests to the NSG for exemptions to the nuclear supply guidelines.
Israel has been recognized for its full fledged adherence to the NSG guidelines.
The Israeli government urged the NSG to consider adopting a generic multiple-tiered approach to the transfer of nuclear technology based on criteria.
Some NSG officials have previously suggested an approach similar to the Israeli plan.
The non-nuclear proliferation regime would be considerably enhanced with modifications to the NSG guidelines such as those proposed by Israeli officials.
2008-07-26
Iran (IR)
International; proliferation
Ahmadinejad announced an expansion of Iran's capacity to produce uranium.
Iran refused to commit to halt the expansion but hinted that the expansion could halt in the future.
Iranian President Mahmoud ahmadinejad stated to scholars in the northeastern city of Mashbad on 26 July 2008 that Iran will expand its arsenal of Iran's enriched uranium-producing centrifuge to over 5,000.
Ahmadinejad made the first assertion of expansion since the announcement in April 2008 that Iran was approaching implementation of 6000 centrifuge.
Iran has outlined a goal of 50,000 centrifuges operating at an enrichment plant near Natanz.
The international community demands that Iran halt production of nuclear materials.
The media reports differ on how many centrifuges Ahmadinejad cited.
Iranian news agencies reported that Ahmadinejad stated that Iran had 6000 working centrifuges but subsequently removed them from the Internet.
Another Iranian news agency stated that Ahmadinejad referred to hundreds of thousands of centrifuges.
Experts discount the significance of Ahmadinejad's claims because there is no information about the centrifuge's function.
A Western diplomat speaking on condition of anonymity in Tehran stated that the number of centrifuges is less important than whether or not the machines are operational and efficient but Ahmadinejad's assertion hinders resolution of a diplomatic standoff between Iran and the West.
New America Foundation arms control expert Jeffrey G. Lewis stated that the foundation was aware of Iran's goal of assembling 6000 centrifuge but that the status of the machines was unknown.
Diplomats and arms control experts stated that technical problems have hindered Iran's enrichment program.
Iran has repeatedly asserted that its nuclear program is aimed only at producing electricity because producing nuclear weapons would contradict Islamic principles.
The US, Israel, Europe and the majority of Western arms control experts believe Iran is pursuing the ability to produce a bomb immediately upon a decision.
Experts stated that producing weapons-grade uranium from reactor-grade materials is relatively simple.
Ahmadinejad stated that the West is still pursuing a resume of negotiations after Iran resisted Western demands to halt its nuclear activities.
EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana recently presented 2 offers to Iran.
A package of incentives for the cessation of production of enriched uranium has been endorsed by the US.
There was a 6 week prenegotiate freeze period during which Iran did not add centrifuge and the West refrained from promoting a fourth round of UN Security Council economic sanctions against Iran.
US officials have repeatedly stated that negotiations cannot begin before Iran has halted all verified enrichment-related activities but the Bush administration recently agreed to a proposed freeze for the freeze and dispatched Burns to Geneva.
At talks in Geneva attended by US undersecretary of state William J. Burns, Iran refused to respond to Solana's offer on 26 July 2008.
The talks constitute the highest diplomatic contact between the US and Iran in nearly 30 years.
Solana, Burns and European envoys set a deadline for a positive response from Iran before launching new sanctions including a prohibition on sales of vital petroleum products vital to Iran's economy.
Iranian officials refused to commit to stopping the expansion or observing the deadline.
On 26 July 2008 Ahmadinejad appeared to suggest that Iran could halt the expansion for over 6 weeks at a number higher than previously expected.
Ahmadinejad stated that if the number of existing centrifuges does not increase the West will consent to 5000 to 6000 operational centrifuges.
5000 centrifuges could produce materials sufficient for power plants or atomic bombs at high enrichment.
6000 continuously running centrifuges can produce weapons-grade uranium sufficient for 1 bomb for 6 months.
The International Atomic Energy Agency stated in May 2008 that Iran possesses 3500 operational centrifuges.
2008-11-14
Iran (IR); Russian Federation (RU); China (CN); France (FR); United States (US)
International; weapons; proliferation; Government; politics; energy
A diplomatic meeting in Paris concluded with no further agreement to step up pressure on Iran to halt uranium enrichment at the Iranian facility in Natanz.
At a meeting in Paris on November 14, 2008 diplomats stated to the media that officials from the United States, Europe, Russia and China had not reached further agreements to act to persuade Iran to halt uranium enrichment at its Natanz facility.
The uranium enrichment process is highly technical and can produce fuel for nuclear power plants and produce fissile material for atomic weapons.
The meeting on November 13, 2008 ended without any new measures announced.
The French Foreign Ministry released a statement after the meeting on November 13, 2008 declaring that the international community reaffirms the importance of a dual-track approach to diplomatic engagement and sanctions work towards Iran.
Russia and China have resisted new sanctions against Iran.
Russia and China have close political and business ties with Iran and do not feel domestic pressure to act against Iran.
The United States and the Islamic Republic of Iran have no close political and business ties and feel domestic pressure to act against the country.
Russia and China hold veto power over Security Council decisions.
Russian diplomat Sergei Ryabkov was quoted by the Interfax news agency as saying that the party will not strike a deal on sanctions against Iran at a meeting on November 13, 2008 and that Western countries will favor sanctions against Iran while China and Russia will not support them.
Sergei Ryabkov will attend the meeting on November 13, 2008.
A report released this week on Iran's significant progress in a research reactor near Arak.
A heavy water Iranian research reactor near Arak could eventually produce plutonium which could be used in nuclear weapons.
A satellite image published by the Institute for Science and International Security shows significant progress in construction of a heavy water research reactor facility near Arak from February 2008 to October 2008.
David Albright stated that the Iranian heavy water research reactor near Arak evades the notice of the international security community.
David Albright stated that satellite images say the Iranian heavy water research reactor near Arak has made significant progress from a building frame to a large finished facility in the past 1.5 years.
David Albright is a former arms inspector and director of the Institute for Science and International Security based in Washington D.C.
Iran stated that it will pursue nuclear technology to produce energy and conduct research.
The United States and its Western allies suspect that Iran's efforts to produce are preceded by the creation of a nuclear weapons infrastructure.
The production of low grade uranium is legal under international arms control regulations.
The latest Iranian nuclear technology development shows that Iran is in a complex diplomatic and technical challenge to take on the task of stopping the United States' newly-elected president Barack Obama from mastering technology that could be used to manufacture and deliver nuclear weapons.
In his first months in power, President George W. Bush's administration managed to synchronize its policy with the leaders of the European Union, Britain, France and Germany to press for tougher sanctions on Iran and diplomatic action.
The International Atomic Energy Agency is expected to release a report critical of Iran next week.
The International Atomic Energy Agency is a United Nations nuclear watchdog.
A new initiative on Iran's nuclear program has not emerged to talk in Paris on November 13, 2008, decreasing hopes for another set of United Nations Security Council sanctions to be imposed before President Bush's term ends.
Iran continues to work toward mastering nuclear and missile technology during diplomatic maneuvering.
Some Israeli officials have stated that they are alarmed by Iran's test this week of a 2-stage solid fuel rocket with a range of 1200 miles.
Tel Aviv is less than 650 miles from Iranian territory.
2002-04-06
Russian Federation (RU)
International; science; energy; weapons
A high-security Russian laboratory complex storing anthrax, plague and other deadly bacteria faces losing electricity due to a lack of payment to electricity utility Mosenergo.
A large repository of deadly anthrax, plague and other bacteria stored in a high-security Russian laboratory complex 100 miles south of Moscow threatens to lose electricity.
A Russian electricity utility official recently arrived at a Moscow laboratory complex and threatened to turn off electricity due to a lack of payment.
The Russian laboratory complex is a 90-building campus and served as the location of a secret biological weapons program during the Soviet era.
An incorrect headline in Izvestia stated the deadly virus from a Moscow regional depository is a threat to the country.
The virus was not located at the State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology in Obolensk.
The State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology has every kind of deadly bacterium studied to be used in the Soviet Union's secret biological weapons program.
A large virus repository is located in Siberia.
Russian and Western officials stated that power cuts at the State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology are unlikely to result in any threat to public health.
Russian and Western officials stated there was not enough certainty to be able to know if the loss of power at the State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology would cause a public health threat.
Director General Nikolai N. Urakov stated by telephone that the State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology has a quite reliable emergency protection system.
Nikolai N. Urakov has been the director of the State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology for a longtime period.
The State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology is working with Western scientists to convert the complex into a biomedicine manufacturing site.
Director General Nikolai N. Urakov stated by telephone that the people at the State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology are scared about this threat of sudden shut-down of electricity because it is a kind of psychological pressure.
Gen. Nikolai N. Urakov stated by telephone that if power shuts down at the State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology scientists must destroy all bacteriological experiments under way.
General Nikolai N. Urakov would like the United States and Western countries that contribute about 6 million American dollars to the transformation of the former bioweapon complex to contribute another 500,000 American dollars per year to pay for the State Scientific Center's electric bills and arrear.
An American scientist working closely with the State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology stated that it is the Russian government's responsibility to pay its electric bills.
In 1997 Western aid for the conversion of General Nikolai N. Urakov's bioweapon laboratory at one time peaked with learning that Iran had offered to purchase experts from the State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology.
It is known that Russian scientists and military leaders now dependent on Western financing to destroy nuclear, chemical and biological weapons have orchestrated a crisis to increase finance.
American scientist Randall Lee Beatty is working to convert the State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology in Obolensk.
Beatty stated that this threat to cut electricity at the State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology is a crisis.
Randall Lee Beatty is Director of the International Science and Technology Center.
The International Science and Technology Center will finance approximately half of General Nikolai N. Urakov's budget to support about 350 Russian biowarfare scientists and technicians.
Randall Lee Beatty stated that it was known that the State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology had not paid its electricity bills for 14 months.
Randall Lee Beatty stated that the State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology is one of the world's most important locations for the archive of dangerous pathogen and that it would be a shame to destroy it without the payment of electricity utilities.
Approximately 3000 strains of bacteria are stored at the State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology and many of them are stored in cryogen cask cooling liquid nitrogen and isolated from the environment in layers of enclosures and oversize air handling systems that depend on electricity to function.
The greatest danger from shutting down electric power at the State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology is defroze of live germ cells currently preserved in a frozen state.
Monterey Institute of International Studies expert on biological warfare Raymond Zilinskas stated that cutting power to the State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology is the main threat to organisms rather than the possibility of escape.
Raymond Zilinskas stated that in the worst cases the bacteria defroze to minus 70 degrees and cleanup afterward is a real mess because it is certainly unknown whether all bacteria are dead.
The confrontation between the electricity utility Mosenergo and the State Scientific Center of Applied Microbiology in Obolensk is another example of the dangerous clash between the basic capitalist imperative of sustaining enterprise and the old things that remain from Soviet weapons science.
A power bill that was overdue in 2000 caused Russian National Power Company to cut off electricity at a strategic base where nuclear missiles stand on high alert.
Nuclear missile silos don't lose power.
Armed troops marched to the substation and turned back power.
National company United energy systems will cut power from January 2001 to February 2001 at a number of military instilations around Russia.
The Russian space forces monitoring center in Kamchatka is one of the military installations that lost power.
In most cases of military installations that were cut off electricity, they were quickly restored.
The investigation often showed that utilities and the military were tugging at the war to force utilities to spend the budget funds on electricity power instead of diverting the money to other uses.
Building a residence in the country for the General would include some budget cuts at times.
2004-07-24
Brazil (BR)
International; crime; Government; narcotics
Brazil implemented laws allowing the Air Force to target aircraft trafficking in drugs in its airspace.
The US is concerned about liability if civilian planes are misidentified.
Brazil announced that the Air Force has begun shooting down aircraft used to traffic illegal drugs in Brazilian airspace.
The plan requires 8 precautionary steps before an order to shoot down the plane can be issued.
A publicity campaign notified ranchers and others that they needed to file a flight plan prior to the policy taking effect late in October 2004.
The law permitting such action was originally approved in 1998 but President Fernando Henrique Cardoso of 1995-2003 never put the policy into effect.
The United States dissuaded Cardoso from signing the decree concerned that the accidental downing of civilian aircraft could expose the Government and companies to a lawsuit.
In April 2001 the United States reduced previous support for operations targeting drug-running aircraft when a Peruvian jet shot down a small plane misidentified as a drug carrier and killed a Peruvian missionary and his children.
Victim's relatives sued the US government and won a settlement because the US government provided intelligence and technical support for the operation.
A US State Department official stated --
For certain things, US law may forbid assistance to countries implementing the shooting law.
The US agreed that Brazil would assess the very serious and increasing threat posed by drug traffickers.
The US and Brazilian governments will consult on the provisions of Brazilian law.
Brazilian Defense Minister Jose Viegas stated that Brazil encountered difficulties in securing support from the US for the plan but recent bilateral talks have led to certainty that the US will accept the decree without exposing Brazil to commercial sanctions.
Brazilian officials expressed hope that the US will endorse the policy before it goes into effect.
In 2004 the US is scheduled to provide Brazil with 10 million dollars in drug and law enforcement aid.
Former Air Force chief General Mauro Jose Miranda Gandra, currently director of the Air Institute of the University of Estacio de Sa University in Rio de Janeiro, stated that the measures are a courageous step by the government but may have more political impact than practical given the restrictions imposed by the Brazilian government.
Brazilian officials stated the policy may not apply against aircraft on board children.
Viegas stated that there needs to be limits.
Gandra stated that the provision undermines the essential purpose of the decree by granting immunity to a drug smuggling aircraft carrying children and introducing the possibility of the use of kidnapped children as human shields.
In an interview in Brasilia Viegas stated that the government uses laws to dissuade more powerful drug traffickers entering Brazilian airspace previously feeling unthreatened by the Air Force.
Government action was prompted by deteriorating public security situations for increasingly powerful drug and crime gangs in Sao Paolo and Rio de Janeiro in particular.
The drug gang in Rio de Janeiro has more firepower than the police, has successfully attacked police stations, and forced businesses and schools to close.
In an interview with foreign correspondents in 2003 President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva stated --
The policy is a matter of national sovereignty and security.
Some pilots of drug-running aircraft feel so confident in themselves that they gesture obscenely at pursuing Brazilian Air Force pilots as retribution.
The law is questionable under Brazil's prohibition against the death penalty as punishment for criminal acts.
Some legal experts and other commentators have stated that the statute amounts to de facto execution of drug traffickers contrary to government claims.
The daily O Estado de Sao Paolo newspaper stated in an editorial the week of 18 July 2004 that extreme measures would raise ethical and juridical problems beyond any potential benefits.
The penalty applies in an administrative decision by the Air Force commander.
These people gain the power of life and death over the crew and passengers on irregular flights.
In 2002 Brazil inaugurated a $1.4 billion radar system called SIVAM that will allow the government to monitor air activity throughout the expansive Amazon region for the first time.
The system uses American technology.
Illegal flights initially declined by 30 percent due to concern about improved tracking capabilities for traffickers but subsequently reaccelerated.
Brazil recorded 4128 unauthorized flights in 2003.
Some of these flights were in violation of the innocent ranchers flying between plantations in the Amazon.
Viegas stated that there has been a significant increase in deliberate violations of Brazilian airspace by drug smugglers apparently aware that the Government cannot retaliate.
In April 2001 Brazil's most notorious drug dealer Fernandinho beira-Mar was captured in Colombia in a gun-for-drug pipeline involving leftist guerrillas.
The north Amazonian corridor has become increasingly busy and essential in the global drug trade and has been used to smuggle arms, gold and diamonds.
Colombia is reportedly one of the most important smuggling routes for cocaine to be supplied to Europe from Suriname across the northern tier of the Amazon.
Colombia is the only country currently with a policy of targeting aircraft trafficking in drugs.
Colombia is a source for much of the cocaine and heroin sold in the United States.
2005-07-16
Venezuela (VN)
International; weapons; leader; military
The President of Venezuela and domestic critics worry about the weapons deals with Russia, the curbing of military cooperation with the United States and plans to train as many as 2 million Venezuelan civilians to repel a possible superpower invasion.
Chavez's weapons deals with Russia, his curbing of military cooperation with Russia and his plans to train as many as 2 million civilians to repel possible imperialist invasions have worried the United States and domestic Chavez critics.
Chavez insisted the move was purely defensive and was borne of the need for updating obsolete military hardware and protecting Venezuela from nations that might want to control it.
Venezuela is the largest petroleum producer in South America.
Chavez's domestic opponents have been scoffing at the idea of the US ever invading Venezuela and have charged that Chavez truly intended to arm a huge cadre of loyal reservist cadres that would protect the country from any internal uprising and pose a militarized counterweight to US influence in Latin America.
Cuban leader Fidel Castro is a major ally of Chavez and has grown closer to him.
Chavez detractors in the US government say it would be even more troubling if part of a strategy to restructure Venezuelan democracy through the image of Cuban-style militarized socialism and foment left-wing revolutions throughout South America by purchasing arms and indoctrating civilian militias.
US military strategists say they are increasingly concerned that radical moves inspired by Chavez could fomend such a revolution.
The political mainstream in Latin America has shifted leftward since the late 1990s.
This shift leftward is largely a reaction to the perceived failings of free market economics.
The left was elected to lead Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, Ecuador and Venezuela.
Chavez supporters at home countered that the United States has a century-old history of armed and covert intervention in Latin American domestic politics and said that the United States has no right to question Venezuela's defense preparations.
Carlos Roque Espinoza Leon said the Venezuelan people never asked what US marines were doing.
Espinoza Leon is a Chavez pro-Chavez member of Venezuela's National Assembly, which is a defense-specialized body.
Espinoza said Peru had 500,000 rifles and no one was saying anything.
Espinoza said no one was complaining about Colombia being the most militarized country in Latin America.
Espinoza said the US history is full of aggression in Latin America.
Espinoza said the Venezuelan people must do whatever is necessary to protect themselves.
Chavez famously said the so-called Bolivarian revolution was peaceful but armed.
Chavez was first elected in 1998 and the independent Datanalisis poll rates him 71% popular.
Military analyst Alberto Garrido of Venezuela said Chavez is looking to allies in Russia, China and Iran to promote a multi-polar world to counteract US dominance and encourage grass-roots movements in Latin America by throwing out US government influence.
<b>Loren Campos</b> is a farmer from the northern Venezuelan state of Anzoategui and trained reservists.
Campos said the Venezuelan people want the world to know that they are not prepared to attack anyone and are on a mission to protect themselves.
In May 2005 Chavez's government announced details of a $18.6 million dollar deal with Russian firms to purchase 100000 AK-103 assault rifles each with 30 rounds of ammunition and technology transfers to Venezuela to manufacture the rifles.
The deal works out to $ 186.22 per rifle.
This price is considerably less than the price of the same weapons ordered through US mail which is between 825 and 850 dollars.
The Government of Venezuela also intends to buy 10 Russian helicopters, 10 transport planes from Spain and 6 naval crafts.
A Venezuelan official said the Government is negotiating with Brazil to buy around 24 air support and training planes.
Chavez insisted and even his staunchest military critics here agreed the purchase was essential to update old weaponry such as the decades-old Fal rifles from Belgium.
Retired Gen. Fernando Ochoa Antich said it is exaggerated to say Chavez engaged in arms build-up.
Ochoa was Defense Minister in 1992 during a failed coup by then Lt. Col. Chavez.
Ochoa stated that Venezuela has not purchased arms in the past 25 years and said Chavez has not aggressively bought weapons with the threat of his neighbors.
Ochoa said that Venezuela has never bought arms from Russia before and suggested Chavez buy Russian arms to become independent of the US.
Ochoa asked why Chavez would buy a rifle caliber popular with Latin American subvert forces and stated that supporting radical left-wing political movements makes Chavez a continent menace.
The US Pentagon has openly questioned what Chavez was doing with the old Fal rifles and whether he could share weapons or ammunition with Latin American guerrilla forces.
The US government has provided no evidence that Chavez armed or funded the left-wing insurgency.
Military analysts and guerrilla specialists say the rebels have plenty of weapons money from drug trafficking and have no interest in old Belgian rifles or Chavez's assistance.
A study published by the US Defense Intelligence Agency in 2003 reported that more than half of the weapons seized by Colombian guerrillas in 1998-2001 that have been marked by the foreign military originated in Venezuela.
implies guerrillas may have been aided by corrupt members or sympathizers of the Venezuelan military.
Chavez's domestic opponents may be more distressed by the ideological training of the military and new civilian reservists that critics say they have in mind.
Chavez called earlier in 2005 for so-called revolutionary units to start preparing the public to resist superpower aggressors and said the first step would be training 100,000 to 200,000 volunteers to back up the active duty armed forces.
Military analysts estimate Venezuela's active duty armed forces at 83,000.
The people's defense units were created in neighborhoods, state companies and the Free University established under Chavez and reported directly to the President.
The Government insists the reserves support the armed forces and not act as a fifth column against a possible Coup against Chavez.
Espinoza said reserves should not be used for troops that shock any political party and in a civil war each person decides his side.
General Julio Ramon Quintero Viloria is the reserve commander.
In an interview Quintero said armed forces hope to train 50,000 civilians in the second half of 2005 on a weekend basis and may train 300,000 more civilians in 2006.
Quintero said the Venezuelan people do not want the colony of any empire and must be ready to be colonized by any empire.
In June 2005 100000 reservists and the Venezuelan navy engaged in a massive war game to repel stronger invaders.
In June 2005 40 employees of a state oil company along with 1,200 soldiers participated in similar exercises.
The Chavez circle here warned of asymmetric warfare.
Un symmetrical warfare is a term coined by US military strategists describing conflicts between not as many combatants in which the weaker side employs guerrilla tactics.
The US government has given Colombia 300 million dollars in military aid over the past five years.
Chavez loyalists fear the US government might instigate a proxy war between Colombia and Venezuela to oust Chavez and control the oil from Venezuela.
A senior US official dismissed the notion that the US government wants to invade Venezuela as completely nonsensical in interviews.
The Chavez side wishes to make a negative relationship, the official said, calculating that Mr. Chavez would reach power by constantly confronting the US.
Chavez's rollback of military cooperation and joint exercises is another development that troubles the United States.
The US military had a Cooperation Office at a Venezuelan fort for 50 years.
Chavez shot it down in 2004.
Five US military trainers and students participating in the exchange program were ordered to leave the country in April 2005.
Analysts say Chavez is likely to try to indoctrinate his public and his armed forces.
Analysts say there is no proof that Chavez used those forces to aid the left-wing revolutions elsewhere.
2007-06-18
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of (KP)
proliferation; international
The North Korean government may be prepared to begin shutting down the plutonium-producing reactor in June 2007 as the first step toward disabling it by December 2007.
Assistant Secretary of State Christopher Hill stated on June 18, 2007 that the North Korean government may prepare to begin shutting down the plutonium-producing reactor in June 2007 as the first step toward disabling it by December 2007.
Hill is the head of the United States negotiations for North Korea's nuclear weapons program.
Hill stated that efforts to dismantle North Korea's stalled nuclear weapons program could move ahead after a weekend June 16-17, 2007 during an International Atomic Energy Agency inspection visit to Pyongyang invited by North Korean officials for talks on closing down and monitoring of North Korea's nuclear weapons program.
Hill stated that the shutdown was long anticipated following talks with Chinese negotiator Wu Dawei.
Hill stated that it is possible to shut down in weeks, not months.
The IAEA stated on June 18, 2007 that a team would visit Pyongyang the week of 24 June 2007 to discuss how inspectors would verify the shut-down, the Associated Press reported from Vienna, Austria.
Hill stated IAEA inspectors will hold talks with Pyongyang officials including the installation of television monitors at the site.
North Korean officials refused to proceed with an agreement to begin decommissioning the Yongbyon reactor in February 2007 until funds worth 25 million dollars have been transferred into North Korea's account linked to the reactor and held in a Macao bank.
The money was frozen as United States officials accused Banco Delta Asia of complicity in financial crimes on behalf of North Korea.
The funds were wired to the New York Federal Reserve Bank on June 14, 2007 after months of disagreement over the method to return them.
The funds are supposed to be sent to Russia's Central Bank before being transferred to an account controlled by the North Korean government at a North Korean commercial bank.
Hill stated that there will be talks next week with disarmament negotiators from Russia, South Korea and Japan to take steps to recoup some of the time lost during financial transfer organizing.
The discussion will also involve setting a timetable for the resumption of arms control talks between the six nations.
Under an agreement reached in February 2007 North Korean officials pledged to shut down the Yongbyon reactor and allow inspectors to verify and monitor the reactor in return for a shipment of 50,000 tons of fuel oil.
In the next phase of the agreement North Korean officials will declare all nuclear programs and disable all facilities in return for further 1.5 million tons of fuel oil.
Hill stated that the next phase of the agreement could technically conclude by December 2007.
2007-08-27
Iran, Islamic Republic of (IR)
International; weapons; proliferation; Government; energy
A leading arms control expert criticized the new nuclear activities plan released by Iran and the International Atomic Energy Agency of the U.N. as ineffective and dangerous.
On August 27, 2007 Iran and the International Atomic Energy Agency of the U.N. released a plan to resolve the issue by December 2007.
The issue has not been resolved in 4 years.
The plan is meant to allay suspicions about past Iranian nuclear activities.
An agency official stated the plan had broken through.
At a news conference in Tehran on August 28, 2007 Iranian President Mahmoud ahmadinejad stated --
The investigation into Iran's nuclear activities is now closed.
None of the other members of the International Atomic Energy Agency have co-operated as Iran has.
Iran is a nuclear nation.
Iran has a cycle of nuclear fuel.
Iran has not succumbed to international pressure to curb its nuclear project.
Iran's nuclear project is for peaceful purposes.
The United States and some European nations believe Iran's nuclear project is to make nuclear weapons.
Several Western governments and leading arms control experts have stated that Iran is attempting to avoid further U.N. Security Council punishment.
Western governments include the United States and France.
The Government and experts believe Iran is attempting.
The arms control process is slow.
The question of Iran's past treaty violations was avoided.
Institute for Science and International Security President David Albright stated --
The Iranian claim cannot be verified.
The International Atomic Energy Agency has no access to people, documents or sites.
The International Atomic Energy Agency has lost the right to question further in the future.
Unusual development has set a bad precedence.
The International Atomic Energy Agency could be tricked as it is eager for a deal.
The International Atomic Energy Agency plans were announced --
Iran resolved questions about past plutonium experiments without explaining how.
Senior fellow at the International Institute for Strategic Studies Mark Fitzpatrick stated --
The International Atomic Energy Agency's plan is superficial.
The International Atomic Energy Agency's plan will draw out negotiations for many months.
The International Atomic Energy Agency's plan may leave Iran with incomplete and misleading answers.
The International Institute for Strategic Studies is located in London.
Plutonium is a material that can be used to make nuclear weapons.
The Institute for Science and International Security is a private research organization located in Washington.
The International Atomic Energy Agency is based in Vienna.
2007-11-15
Iran, Islamic Republic of (IR)
proliferation; international; business
A list from the Nuclear Suppliers Group shows that Iran has been denied approximately 75 sales of nuclear-related materials since 1998 on suspicion that they could be used to build a bomb.
A list from the Nuclear Suppliers Group shows that Iran has been denied approximately 75 sales of nuclear-related materials since 1998 on suspicion that they could be used to build a bomb.
The Nuclear Suppliers Group of 45 nations is an offshoot of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty and is charged with monitoring international trade to ensure that nuclear technology transferred for peaceful purposes is not directed towards military use.
The Nuclear Suppliers Group is composed of countries that are technologically advanced.
A statement released by the Nuclear Suppliers Group said countries will act on an individual basis to block trade that violates export controls devised to maintain peaceful international cooperation in the use of nuclear energy.
The Nuclear Suppliers Group does not have enforcement power beyond the notification to companies to violate its guidelines.
The Nuclear Suppliers Group keeps the data private and meets in large secret.
Most of the denials have occurred since 2002 and are the result of intervention by members of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Diplomats from countries interested in exposing the extent of Iran's efforts to acquire so-called dual use items that could be converted to weapons production have availed themselves of a list of trade denials.
The list will be available if the diplomats and countries from which they are identified are not identified.
The list names companies from Australia, Finland, Sweden, the United Arab Emirates and Iran that were prevented from carrying out the deal because they were suspected of being useful military items.
List items offered for sale in the block deal include nickel powder, petrochemical plant components, compressors, furnaces, steel flanges and fittings, electron microscopes, radiometric ore sorting machines, valves and tubes, lasers, rotary drilling rigs, mass spectrometer and nitrogen-producing plants.
Iranian end-use organizations include Iran's government and Atomic Energy Organization, power companies, engineering companies, oil and gas refineries, aircraft industry, schools, universities, engine manufacturers, mineral research centers, helicopter support companies and plasma physics centers.
Diplomats stated the 75 denials represent actions by seven of the 45 member states.
Diplomats stated that the actual number of people denied sales of dual use products to Iran is probably much higher.
Western diplomats stated that as the standoff with Iran continues over Iran's nuclear program the Government in Tehran is using front companies without detection to receive and convert technology to produce weapons.
Iran has signed the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty but is not a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
2008-08-08
Georgia (GE); Russian Federation (RU)
International; Government; dissent; war and conflict; weapons; politics
Russia struck targets in Georgia by air on August 8, 2008.
Air strikes have escalated conflicts in Georgia's separatist areas.
Russia struck targets in Georgia by air on August 8, 2008.
Air strikes have escalated the conflict in Georgia's separatist areas.
The conflict tests the Russian power and reach of the military.
Russian troops and armored vehicles entered South Ossetia earlier on August 8, 2008.
The presence of Russian troops supports Georgia's bitter conflict with separatist areas.
The U.S., other Western nations and NATO condemned the violence.
The U.S., other Western nations and NATO demanded a cease-fire.
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice demands that Russia withdraw its forces.
Russian soldiers remain in Georgia.
Georgian officials report at least one airstrike on the Black Sea port of Poti late August 8, 2008.
Russia and Georgia have shown no indication of relenting.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir V. Putin stated the war will start.
Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili accuses Russia of planning a well-planned invasion.
Georgia mobilized a military reserve.
Georgian government Web site crashed sporadically on August 8, 2008.
The crash was a signal for a campaign of cyber warfare against Georgia.
The dispute could renew a sustained conflict in the Caucasus.
The Caucasus is an important conduit for oil flow from the Caspian Sea to the world market.
The conflict in the Caucasus has lasted for years along the Russian border.
The conflict in Chechnya is the most recent.
Russia's military incursions into Georgia indicate confidence and resolve.
Russia's military incursions provide a test of the capacity of the Russian military.
Putin has attempted to modernize and reequip the Russian military during his two terms as president.
Earlier in 2008 Russia announced broad expansion of support for the separatist region.
Georgia labels Russia's support for annexing actions.
The report on August 8, 2008 was in conflict over whether Georgian or Russian forces had won control of Tskhinvali.
It was unclear late on August 8, 2008 whether Russian and Georgian soldiers were on the ground combating or limited to fighting between separatist and Georgian forces.
Tskhinvali is Georgia's capital.
Georgia is mountainous.
Georgia is a rebel province.
2008-09-19
Iraq (IQ)
International; Telecom; technology; crime; leader; media; dissent
Iran's Fars news agency stated that hackers known as XP have defaced or blocked hundreds of websites related to Shiite Islam.
Iraqi Shiite leader Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani's official website is one of the defaced and blocked websites.
XP stated in a defaced website that any website containing material contrary to Sunni teachings had been hacked.
Iraqi religious leader Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani's official website has been defaced and blocked in a cyber attack on related sites motivated by sectarian motives.
It was not clear whether the attack began on September 18 or the morning of September 19, 2008.
Al-Sistani's website was offline on the evening of September 19, 2008.
Another website related to one of Al-Sistani's religious organizations, www.al-shia.com, was also affected.
The alternative address www.sistani.com is still operational.
The Fars news agency stated that the XP group blocked access to approximately 300 sites related to Shiite Islam on September 18 and 19, 2008.
Hack claims and Iranian assertions that XP is based in the United Arab Emirates cannot be independently verified.
Several Iranian news sites stated on September 19, 2008 that many of the attack's web sites related to Shiites and Iran are normally running again.
The statement signed by XP was posted on the home page of Al-Sistani's Web site and stated that the attack was conducted on behalf of Sunni Muslims.
According to the statement --
XP has carried out similar attacks on other Shiite sites in the Persian Gulf and Iraq.
XP erased the site as they have done with other Rafidha sites.
Rafidha means "rejection" and is an insult used by Sunni extremists to describe Shiites.
Al-Sistani promoted sexual deviates and the Iranian agenda in Iraq as a child.
Any website with material contrary to Sunni teachings will be punished.
The statement also consists of Bill Maher's YouTube clip ridiculing Al-Sistani's fatwa that certain sexual intercourse positions are permissible for married couples.
The Ayatollah's office in Najaf declined to comment on the cyber attacks.
Fars reported that a counterattack was carried out against two major Wahhab Web sites belonging to the puritanical strain of Sunni Islam that is dominant in Saudi Arabia.
2008-10-08
Somalia (SY); Ukraine (UA); Kenya (KE)
Crime; weapons; international; money
Somali pirates hijacking a Ukrainian freighter carrying a large arms cargo are approaching a deal to release the ship.
Questions emerged regarding arms shipments via the route to Kenya and possible clandestine deals between Kenya and South Sudan.
Maritime officials and people associated with the Somali pirates hijacking a Ukrainian freighter carrying a large arms cargo on September 25, 2008 stated on October 8, 2008 that the pirates may soon collect a ransom.
The party is close to reaching a deal to pay the pirates millions and free the ship after difficult negotiations that several involved in bazaar style haggling.
Ahmed Omar of the businessman in Xarardheere, Somalia stated the pirates agreed to ransom the ship's owners approximately 8 million U.S. dollars and may free the ship on October 8 or 9, 2008.
Xarardheere is a notorious pirate base on the Somali coast.
Maritime officials in Kenya stated that critical details have yet to be agreed.
One such detail involves the pirates' request for guarantees that the armada of American warships currently encircling them will not arrest or attack them.
An anonymous Kenyan maritime official stated that such negotiations are complex and involve more than financial aspects.
Officials stated on October 8, 2008 that progress was being made and the parties were approaching an agreement.
The pirates initially requested 35 million U.S. dollars and then reduced that request to 2 million U.S. dollars.
Pirates have consistently expressed willingness to negotiate financial figures.
More than 25 ships were hijacked off the Somali coast in 2008 to ransom for typical U.S. dollars between $1 and $2 million.
Pirates on board the Ukrainian ship stated that the ship, its cargo and 20 sailors will be released upon receiving payment of US dollars and a $100 bill.
The question is which country was the original destination for the arms shipment aboard the Ukrainian ship.
The Kenyan government claimed the board weapons had been shipped to the military shortly after the freighter was hijacked on September 25, 2008.
The ship was en route to Kenya's main port of Mombasa.
Weapons aboard the ship included 33 T-72 tanks, 150 grenade launchers, 6 anti-aircraft guns and large quantities of ammunition.
The subsequent evidence emerged that the weapons were part of a clandestine arms deal between Kenya and the South Sudan's separatist region.
The deal is most likely to remain secret unless pirates hijack the ship and begin speaking to the media via satellite phone.
In denying any wrongdoing, Ukrainian officials were adamant.
Ukrainian diplomat in Kenya Oleh Belokolos stated --
Ukraine has not or has no plans to supply any armsaments to the South Sudan Government.
All the appropriate paperwork was validated.
Ukraine abides by all United Nations rules and agreements on arms control.
Ukraine inherited an enormous stockpile of weaponry after the collapse of the Soviet Union and is now in a major arms deal.
The deal with Ukraine is considered suspicious because Kenya relies on the United Kingdom and other Western countries for most of its heavy weapons supplies.
Kenyan politicians demanded answers and called for several commissions to examine the situation.
South Sudan is an autonomous region currently increasing its military using Soviet-designed tanks.
The United States military stated its priority was to ensure the ship was not unloaded with weapons and sold to Islamic insurgents in Somalia.
The pirates denied interest in weapons and claimed not to have realized the cargo included tanks when hijacking the ship.
Pirate spokesman Sugule Ali stated in an interview last week that the money was solely for the deal.
2008-11-28
Afghanistan (AF)
Narcotics
Head of the U.N. Drug Office Antonio Maria Costa said Afghanistan has produced so much opium in recent years that the Taliban have cut back on poppy cultivation and stockpiled raw opium in an effort to support prices and preserve a major source of insurgency financing.
Head of the U.N. Drug Office Antonio Maria Costa said Afghanistan has produced so much opium in recent years that the Taliban have cut back on poppy cultivation and stockpiled raw opium in an effort to support prices and preserve a major source of insurgency financing.
Costa said this to reporters last week as the U.N. Drug Office prepared to release its latest survey on Afghanistan's opium crop.
The survey showed poppy cultivation has retreated in much of Afghanistan and is concentrated overwhelmingly in seven of the 34 provinces where the insurgency remains strong, mostly in the south.
The survey was issued on November 27, 2008.
The United Nations found that a reduction in the amount of opium land devoted in Afghanistan would result in a decrease of 19 percent while the total opium tonnage produced would drop by just 6 percent.
The study stated that high output per acre is attributed to the good growing season in the south.
The southern region is a heavily irrigated area where the Taliban maintain strong presence in five provinces and systematically encouraged opium cultivation for several years to finance their insurgency.
The U.N. estimated insurgents made much of the opium trade last year.
Costa said a lot of the war effort could be funded by between $2 million and $3 million.
The Taliban produce far exceeds world demand with successive three years of bumper crops.
Costa said the result would be a glut that would depress prices by approximately 20 percent.
Costa said the fact that prices have not already collapsed is evidence that the Taliban, drug lords and even some farmers are stockpiling opium.
An increasing amount is also being processed in Afghanistan.
Costa added insurgents hold a significant amount of opium.
Costa said there was as much as 11,000 tons of surplus, which is more than twice the world's demand over the past three years and threatened to devalue their stockpile.
The United Nations found Afghanistan produced 8500 tons of opium in 2008.
The world's demand is estimated at about 4400 tons per year.
This year the Taliban took a passive stance in cultivation and put less pressure on farmers to plant opium poppies.
This then supports the current price.
Costa is an Italian diplomat who served for six years at the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime.
2001-10-05
South Africa (ZA)
International; terrorism; Government; money
The South African Government has imposed a ban prohibiting people inside or outside South Africa from being recruited as mercenaries or as part of foreign military assistance.
The Citizen stated on 6 October 2001 that South Africans' involvement in mercenary activities or render foreign military assistance inside or outside South Africa is illegal.
The Citizen newspaper stated on 5 October 2001 that South Africa's Foreign Ministry has announced a ban on mercenary activities following reports that 1,000 Muslim military trainers have enlisted to leave South Africa for Afghanistan to fight the United States for the Taliban.
The report claimed the group Muslims against Illegitimate Leaders claimed 1,000 Muslim men trained in the military volunteered for the service and received the backing of local businessmen.
The report claimed that 1,000 of the men trained in the military were over the age of 18.
The group is based in Cape Town.
The Muslim Judicial Council refuted the report.
South Africa's Foreign Ministry stated that South Africa's Foreign Military Assistance Act prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside South Africa as mercenaries or as foreign military assistance.
South Africa's Foreign Military Assistance Act means that people will not be allowed to offer military assistance to the State, its organs, groups or other countries if the National Conventional Arms Control Committee grants permission.
South Africa's Foreign Military Assistance Act means that foreign military assistance can be rendered only according to an agreement approved by the National Conventional Arms Control Committee.
South Africa's Foreign Ministry stated that any person found in violation of South Africa's Foreign Military Assistance Act or who fails to receive permission to participate in foreign military activities may be prosecuted and sentenced to a fine, imprisonment or both.
2002-07-01
Peru (PE)
International; money; crime; human rights; Government; narcotics; politics; leader
Former Peruvian spy chief Vladimiro Montesinos has been convicted of illegally taking control of the National Intelligence Service during the tenure of ex-President Fujimori.
Montesinos was sentenced to 9 years and 4 months in prison on the conviction.
Montesinos plans to appeal the sentence.
Former Peruvian spy chief Vladimiro Montesinos was convicted on July 1, 2002 of illegally taking control of the National Intelligence Service when he was supposed to advise the spy agency under ex-President Alberto Fujimori.
Montesinos was sentenced to 9 years and 4 months in prison for abuse of authority.
The sentence also ordered Montesinos to pay a $3 million fine for compensation to the state.
Anti-corruption judge Saul Pena stated Montesinos admitted to charges of abuse of authority.
This is the first ruling in more than 50 charges against Montesinos including corruption, drug trafficking, illegal arms dealing and human rights violations.
Montesinos is alleged to have run a bribery network.
The leaked videotape showed Montesinos bribed a congressman to switch to the government party and triggered events culminating in Fujimori's resignation in November 2000.
Fujimori has been accused of dereliction of duty and embezzlement and has been exiled in Japan since resigning to avoid legal action by Peruvian authorities under the protection of dual nationality.
Montesinos fled Peru in October 2000 but was captured in Venezuela on June 23, 2001.
Montesinos heard the sentence at the port of Callao Naval Base where he has been imprisoned since 2001.
Montesinos stated he will consult defense lawyers to appeal.
2002-07-25
Hong Kong (HK)
International; Government; crime; weapons; narcotics
Hong Kong police are trying to prevent the triad or transnational criminal syndicates from engaging in criminal activities.
Hong Kong police recently smashed transnational theft syndicates specializing in exploiting youngsters to commit various crimes, cross-border criminal syndicates and local triad gangs.
In the opinion of the Oriental Daily News, recent efforts by Hong Kong police to cut down on five of the so-called leaders of the triad branch or district team leaders within three weeks of the event -- a short period -- demonstrate Hong Kong police's determination to eradicate criminal activity.
Hong Kong police recently worked closely with the Guangdong Public Security Bureau for intelligence exchanges and carried out a series of raids and operations.
Police in Hong Kong cracked down on activities of the triad from 18 July 2002 to 24 July 2002 including drug trafficking, illegal arms possession, theft, burglary and robbery, sales of pirate and obscene records, duty-duty cigarettes and trafficking of dangerous drugs.
Reports are police dispatched over 100 staff on 020724 to storm a propitiating dance and wine party organized to settle some disputes between 2 Triad groups at a nightclub in Mongkok in Kowloon.
Police eventually arrested 3 branch leaders and 14 core members of the triad.
Police sources confirmed to Xinhua News Agency on 25 July 2002 that all 17 people arrested were still detained in question.
A Hong Kong police source was quoted as saying that the operation had succeeded in netting all 17 people as a result of an effort to infiltrate relevant gangs here.
Police sources also intimated that Hong Kong police are cracking down more on other gangs of the triad.
In addition to Hong Kong police's efforts to fight off criminal organizers, active cooperation with mainland Chinese police and police from other regions will involve.
The first so-called " International Drug Enforcement Conference " in the Far East was held in Hong Kong earlier in July 2002.
Following the decision of the IDEC at a meeting held in Bolivia in February 2002, Hong Kong was chosen to host the event.
Some 42 senior anti-narcotics officers from the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, Australia, Indonesia, Japan, South Korea, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and the United States met.
A Hong Kong police internal news letter recently reported that the Conference's aim is to provide a flexible and forward thinking environment for sharing information and positive action against organized criminal transnational drug traffickers.
Hong Kong police's intelligence exchanges with mainland Chinese police have been particularly intense.
A delegation of 11 members of mainland China's National Narcotics Control Commission recently visited Hong Kong to study how police here enforce their anti-narcotics laws.
Deputy Director of the Bureau of Narcotics Control of the Chinese Ministry of Public Security Chen Cunyi chaired the team of 11 people, Hong Kong police briefed the team about the enforcement actions being carried out in China, and head of the Narcotics Bureau Ip Lau Chuen.
Hong Kong police and China's National Narcotics Control Commission will also exchange mutual concerns and discuss a number of issues including investigations into drug trafficking and money-laundering activities.
After meeting Hong Kong Deputy Commissioner of Crime Yam Tat Wing, the mainland parties closed their visit and discussed further proposals to combat cross-border drug trafficking activities.
2002-07-25
Peru (PE)
Narcotics; crime; military; government
A Peruvian military document disclosed Montesinos's links to drug trafficking as a former head of intelligence.
A document signed by a high-ranking former Peruvian army officer disclosed on 020725 mentioned links to drug trafficking and may further compromise the situation of former head of Peru's National Intelligence Service Vladimiro Montesinos.
A front-page story in Peru's national newspaper El Comercio daily said Montesinos may authorize leaders of the military in the region of Alto Huallaga to deal with drugs to find leaders of the rebel Shinning Path and the Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement.
Alto Huallaga is located northeast of the capital Lima.
The story is based on the final Attorney General's Office report.
The Attorney General's Office report collected an accusation document handed over by an unnamed Peruvian army General.
El Comercio said the then-President Alberto Fujimori put into effect the intelligence operation "Scorpion" to fight terrorism and drug trafficking in the Amazon in 1992.
Several agents infiltrated the group as part of the planned "Scorpion" event to gather information about the commanders of the main rebels and drug traffickers.
The cocaine transport was also ordered to cover up agents.
Montesinos is a close adviser to former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori.
Fujimori resigned in November over a bribery scandal and is now imprisoned in Lima for alleged connections.
2002-08-29
Nepal (N)
terrorism; dissent; military
A soldier was injured in the defuse of a bomb in Kathmandu after the state of emergency expired.
A police officer in Kathmandu reported --
One Royal Nepalese Army soldier was seriously injured on August 29, 2002 when a bomb disposal team attempted to defuse a bomb left at an electricity pole near the town of Sundhara in the Lalitpur district of Kathmandu.
The bombs were believed to have been planted by anti-government insurgents.
The injured soldier was admitted to army hospital in Kathmandu.
No other damage or casualties were reported in the incident.
This bomb explosion was the second in Kathmandu since a bomb exploded in the morning of August 28, 2002 at the Bishalbazar supermarket in the heart of the city.
The explosion damaged the windowspane of approximately 12 shops and injured two customers.
The state of emergency will expire on the evening of August 28, 2002 and the Nepalese government has not yet decided to reimpose it.
2002-09-05
Nepal (N)
terrorism; politics; dissent
Anti-government insurgents in Nepal escalated bombings and murders following the end of an emergency state.
Insurgents plan attacks during the mid-term elections.
A nine-month-long national emergency state in Nepal ended on August 28, 2002.
The violence committed by anti-government insurgents across Nepal has escalated and bomb threats and explosions have occurred throughout the country.
At least 5 major bomb incidents occurred in the Kathmandu Valley from August 28, 2002 until September 4, 2002.
A bomb exploded in a supermarket in central Kathmandu on August 28, 2002, injuring two people.
One soldier was killed by a bomb on August 29, 2002 in the district of Lalitpur in the Himalayan valley.
2 separate bomb incidents occurred after August 29, 2002 in the Lalitpur municipality and a shop in Kathmandu.
The bomb exploded at a metropolitan office in Kathmandu on September 4, 2002.
Outside the valley of Kathmandu, guerrillas opposed to the government have murdered many activists from the ruling Nepali Congress and other parties and burned or bombed several buildings.
In an interview with The Kathmandu Post daily in English, an underground insurgent leader stated that insurgents had comprehensively and violently disrupted the mid-term parliamentary election on November 13, 2002.
The British Embassy in Nepal on August 29, 2002 warned national people of increased anti-government offenses and advised them to avoid areas cordoned off by British security personnel.
The embassy stated that intelligence assessments suggest that anti-government guerrillas may be preparing a campaign in the cities complementing the country's activities.
The US State Department stated that after recent bombings the risk to US citizens and interests in Nepal has heightened particularly outside the Kathmandu Valley with anti-government insurgents in Nepal.
The US State Department stated in a public statement on September 3, 2002 that anti-government insurgents plan new violence before a general strike declared for September 16, 2002.
The Nepalese government is considering reimposing an emergency state to maintain law and order.
Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba stated that he will consult with concerned people and parties on the possibility of extending the state of emergency.
Deuba aborted a planned trip to Johannesburg for the World Summit on sustainable development and returned to Nepal immediately after a nine-day visit to Europe amid tensions.
The Government of Nepal imposed an emergency state on November 26, 2001 as anti-government guerrillas unilaterally defied a 4-month ceasefire negotiation and attacked army barracks and police posts.
2002-10-19
Nepal (N)
terrorism; dissent
The guerrillas killed and wounded several policemen in Nepal following a breakdown in peace talks with the Nepalese government.
On 20 October 2002 state-run Radio Nepal reported that at least 3 policemen were killed and 19 others wounded when guerrillas ambushed their vehicles in western Nepal on the evening of 19 October 2002.
Radio Nepal quoted a security official as stating --
Three police personnel including police inspectors and subinspectors were killed when two police vehicles moved into the guerrilla search area of Tikapur in the Kailali district.
All the policemen killed and wounded were in the first vehicle.
A vehicle driver was also killed in the ambush.
Five police personnel are still missing.
Police personnel were brought to hospitals in Kathmandu and Nepalgunj for treatment and additional security personnel were mobilised in the area to defend against guerrillas.
Government opponents have increased violent activity across the Himalayan kingdom since the nine-month-long nationwide emergency state ended at the end of August 2002.
The Government of Nepal initiated peace talks with the guerrillas in August 2001 to find a peaceful solution to a guerrilla insurgency that has killed more than 5,000 people including policemen, members and civilians since it began in the Himalayan kingdom in 1996.
Three rounds of talks held have not concluded with guerrillas demanding a republic be established, an interim government and a new constitution rejected by the Nepalese government.
More than 3700 guerrillas and hundreds of security personnel have been killed since the Government of Nepal imposed an emergency state on November 26, 2001 following a series of attacks on Nepalese security forces after breaking a 4-month ceasefire talks with the Government of Nepal on November 23, 2001.
2002-11-23
China (CN); Russian Federation (RU); Kazakhstan (KZ); Kyrgyzstan (KZ); Tajikistan (TJ); Uzbekistan (UA)
International; terrorism; politics
Chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan reported that the members of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization will proceed with construction of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization and will begin discussions on anti-terrorism at a meeting in Moscow on November 23, 2002.
On 021123 Chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan stated that the member states of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization are making progress in the construction and cooperation of the Member States.
Tang met the foreign ministers of Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan in Moscow on 021123 to discuss the construction of the SCO and a series of international and regional issues.
Tang stated that the SCO is currently focusing on the construction of mechanisms and that work to prepare for the creation of a secretariat has entered a key stage under joint efforts by coordinators and experts from six countries.
Tang also stated that the Chinese government will seek to complete a draft of relevant documents before next year's SCO summit and will attempt to open an official secretariat later.
Tang stated that the SCO still faces a very stern fight against terrorism and cited the October 2002 hostage crisis in Moscow.
Tang stated that the mastermind of the terrorist attacks in Moscow by national and regional separatists has demonstrated the need and correctness of efforts to reduce the three terrorist, separatist and extremist forces.
Tang stated that all SCO members should deepen and expand security cooperation by adopting a joint fight with three forces and terrorist organizations and creating a regional counter-terrorism organization in the capital of Kyrgyzstan as soon as possible.
Tang stated that the Chinese government is grateful to and supports the proposals of some Central Asian countries to enhance anti-drug cooperation.
Tang stated that the Chinese government will sign a multilateral pact for anti-drug cooperation.
Tang stated that anti-drug measures are one of the top tasks for regional anti-terrorist organizations.
Tang stated in a statement that economic cooperation is a key area of cooperation between the members of the SCO.
In order to gain substantial benefits from economic and trade co-operation, all Member States should strengthen common political sense and regard co-operation as a strategic problem that can affect regional security and the development of the SCO.
Tang also referred to volatile world situations and stated that managing the threats posed by non-traditional security spheres including terrorism, drug trafficking, weapons smuggling and transnational money crimes is a common and pressing task for all the SCO members.
Tang stated that peace and development still dominate the current age because of the stable general situation in the world and the wave of economic development going forward.
Tang stated that the international community will closely watch the SCO as more countries and international organizations are willing to conduct dialogue and cooperation with the SCO.
Tang stated that the exchange and cooperation between the SCO and other parties should further be enhanced by wider visibility and more positive posts, which can strengthen international influence, and may also reflect the SCO's principles of non-aligned, anti-third party, and opening up.
Tang stated that at a meeting on 021123 the SCO passed a temporary pact on foreign policy.
Tang stated that the pact will start official activities of the SCO's exchange with other organizations, and will promote Shanghai's spirit of equality, cooperation, respect for multicultural diversity, search for common development, mutual trust and benefits.
2002-12-28
Iraq (IQ)
International; proliferation; weapons
United Nations inspectors searched 7 Iraqi sites for banned weapons on December 28, 2002.
Spokesman Hiro Ueki said United Nations arms inspectors will visit seven sites in Iraq on 021228 to search for prohibited weapons of mass destruction.
A team of biologists from the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission visited the Yaffa plant of the National Food Industries Co. in the industrial area of Zafaraniyah, Baghdad.
The Yaffa plant is financed by Yaffa, has mixed ownership and was previously declared a site with some dual use equipment in it and monitored.
The biological team returned to the veterinary vaccine site Al Kindi following previous inspections carried out on 021222.
Some missile experts from the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission have conducted an unannounced visit to the Al Qaib warhead filling factory at the Al Qa Qaa complex which is undertaking work to fill warheads for the Al Samoud and Al Fatah missiles.
A chemical team supported by missile and biological teams from the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission will inspect the Ibn Younis Center, a mechanical design establishment in Baghdad.
Hiro Ueki said the site was located in a large compound occupied by other companies and institutions including the regional office of the ruling Bath Party and that United Nations arms experts would inspect the whole compound.
Other inspectors separately carried out field operations 021228 at the Hadre Air Force munition testing site near the city of Mosul 400 kilometers north of Baghdad and two private trading companies.
Currently there are 105 inspectors in Iraq including 99 from the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission and 6 from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Inspectors must give their first report to the United Nations Security Council on Iraq's weapons program by 20030127.
2003-04-28
France (FR); India (IN)
International; weapons; military; money; Government; technology
France and India have signed a deal estimated at 2 billion US dollars for the manufacture of 6 advanced diesel-powered Scorpene submarines in India under license.
Defense Minister Michele Alliot-Marie will conduct a security dialogue with Indian leaders regarding the deal.
France offered India long-term military cooperation in joint development, technology transfer and sales of high-tech weapons systems on 28 April 2003.
France and India have signed a deal estimated at 2 billion US dollars for the manufacture of 6 advanced diesel-powered Scorpene submarines in India under license.
Defense Minister Michele Alliot-Marie will conduct security dialogue with Indian leaders.
Alliot-Marie stated --
International cooperation is needed especially after the recent war in Iraq.
France wants to deepen its efforts to intensify its defense relations with India.
France will upgrade a weapons system it has sold to India and maintain India's optimum operational use.
In 2002 France offered to sell India upgrades of the Mirage 2002-5, technology transfer and thermal imager for India's made Russian-made T-72 and T-90 tanks and an angle-determined artillery system.
France agreed.
High intensity mines were stringed in control lines in Kashmir.
Check for cross-border terrorism.
Indian tanks' fire control systems were upgraded.
Alliot-Marie met Indian Defense Minister George Fernandes one to one before talks with the level delegation on 28 April 2003.
Alliot-Marie arrived Sunday.
2003-06-24
France (FR)
International; Government; dissent; crime; terrorism; leader
French Foreign Minister characterizes recent raids on the People's Mujahedeen in Paris as part of the fight against terrorism.
Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin said on June 3, 2003 that the Government of France is considering cracking down on the Iranian armed opposition group the People's Mujahedeen as part of a counter-terrorism operation.
de Villepin said on France Info that the People's Mujahedeen claim responsibility for numerous attacks in Iran and that this dimension of terrorism cannot be hidden.
De Villepin said justice has decided to arrest and that there are no diplomatic factors in this affair.
De Villepin said the actions of the French were based strictly on justice and determined by all efforts to fight terrorism.
Police raided the headquarters of the People's Mujahedeen in northwestern Paris on June 22, 2003.
The People's Mujahedeen accused French authorities of carrying out the operation as part of a deal with the Iranian government.
The Iranian government denies this claim.
The judiciary is now investigating 17 members of the Mujahedeen for alleged links and funding for terrorist activities.
Some 160 people were initially detained as police cracked down on over 10 locations including the locations of the People's Mujahedeen in France.
During the police raid a map of Paris marked out as a street related to the U.S. Embassy, bulletproof jackets, transmission equipment, more than 200 computers and about 9 million American dollars of cash were seized.
The People's Mujahedeen has been classified by the United States, the European Union and Iran as a terrorist organization.
The People's Mujahedeen was formed by young Iranians educated in college in the 1960s and has been described as a left-wing Islamic organization.
The People's Mujahedeen staged terrorist attacks inside Iran in the 1970s and killed several US military personnel and civilians working on defense projects in Teheran.
The People's Mujahedeen is part of a broad coalition that initially supported the Iranian revolution and participated in the 1979 takeover of the US Embassy in Teheran.
The People's Mujahedeen have fallen out with the government and have built military bases in Iraq and political bases in Europe since the 1980s.
In recent years the People's Mujahedeen have claimed responsibility for assassinating several people in the Iranian regime.
These assassinations included the August 1998 assassination of Assodalah Ladjevardi, former director of the Evin prison in Teheran, and the April 1999 assassination of General Ali Sayad Chirazi, the chief commandant of the Iranian army at the time.
2003-07-09
Australia (AU)
International; weapons; Government; leader
Australian Prime Minister John Howard has hesitated to use military forces to intercept suspected North Korean drug or weapons smugglers despite pressure from the United States and the creation of the Proliferation Security Initiative.
The Australian Government has hesitated to use the Australian military to intercept a North Korean vessel suspected of trafficking weapons or drugs.
Australian Prime Minister John Howard was quoted by the Australian Associated Press on 9 June 2003 as stating that the Australian government does not consider making a military contribution at this stage.
Howard stated that the Australian Government was considering ways and means to deal with a very big problem and that the Australian Government must choose descriptions and words that make sense when dealing with volatile issues and countries that do not operate according to the Convention's say.
Howard made reference to future talks with Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and South Korean President Roh Woo-hyun during a visit to the region the week of 14 July 2003.
The United States government recently formed the Proliferation Security Initiative with 11 members.
The Proliferation Security Initiative will start meetings in Brisbane on 9 July 2003.
Members of the Proliferation Security Initiative consider ways to intercept ships or aircraft suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction.
The United States government has reportedly suggested that the Australian military may be involved in stopping nations from transporting weapons both through the high seas and through the territorial waters of Australia.
2003-11-07
South Africa (ZA); Brazil (BR); India (IN)
International; politics
Brazilian President Lula da Silva arrived in Pretoria, South Africa on November 7, 2003 for talks with South African President Thabo Mbeki scheduled for 20031108 on bilateral politics and economy.
The South African Press Association reported on 08 November 2003 that Brazilian President Lula da Silva will arrive in Pretoria, South Africa in the evening of 08 November 2003 to discuss bilateral politics and economy with South African President Thabo Mbeki who is scheduled to meet Brazil President Lula da Silva the morning of 08 November 2003.
The discussion will be held in Pretoria, South Africa.
South African foreign affairs spokeswoman Manusha Pillay stated that the aircraft for Lula da Silva landed at the Waterkloof Air Force base shortly after 5 p.m. (1800 GMT).
Following Lula da Silva's visit to South Africa, the second meeting of Brazil's joint commission will be held in Pretoria in May 2003.
The joint chair of the Joint Commission is South African Foreign Minister Dlamini-Zuma and Brazilian Foreign Minister Celso Amorim.
Dlamini-Zuma participated in the Brazil-Africa Forum in Fortaleza, Brazil in June 2003.
South Africa's Foreign Affairs Department stated that the historic strategic agreement between India, Brazil and South Africa that resulted in the Brazil-Africa Forum outlines South Africa's plan for trilateral political and economic cooperation.
India, Brazil and South Africa are among the groups in negotiations at the World Trade Organization, which recently advocated support for the agenda of developing under-developed countries.
South Africa's Foreign Affairs Department stated that South Africa's relations with Brazil are strategic, with Brazil having the largest population of African origin outside South Africa.
South Africa's Foreign Affairs Department stated that South Africa and Brazil share a variety of opinions on global issues including the importance of multilateralism and the expansion of the United Nations Security Council.
A discussion between Lula da Silva and Thabo Mbeki will also address new threats to international security such as terrorism, drugs, illegal weapons trafficking and AIDS.
South Africa's Foreign Affairs Department stated that Brazil is Brazil's largest trading partner in Latin America.
Brazil's trade with South Africa was total of 696 million United States dollars in 2002, with 296 million South African dollars going to trade balance the trade.
South Africa's Foreign Affairs Department stated that the South African delegation will brief the Brazilian people on progress of the African Union and the New Partnership for African development.
2004-04-03
Russia (RU)
International; Government; technology; military; space; leader
Jacques Chirac became the first Western leader to visit the top-secret Russian space center of Titov in Krasnoznamernsk for tests and controls.
20040209 French President Jacques Chirac became the first Western leader to visit Russia's top-secret test and control center the Titov.
Chirac will fly to Krasnoznamernsk to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin at the space center.
Putin and Russian Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov greeted Chirac at the space center in Krasnoznamernsk some 40 kilometers (25 miles) southwest of Moscow.
A closed Soviet era military facility was found in July 2005 and collected and analyzed all information gathered from Russian military spy satellites.
Space centers are also involved in the launch of ICBMs and are working on plans to develop early warning defense systems.
Putin's meeting with Chirac will be held for 2 hours.
Russian Space Forces Commander Lt.-Gen. Vladimir Popovkin reported to Chirac and Putin and said that Russia's space cooperation with France is one of Chirac's priorities.
France is the European Space Agency's leader.
Chirac's visit comes as the Russian government displays unease about the latest NATO expansion to the Russian border and the European Union's imminent expansion into the former Soviet sphere of influence in eastern Europe.
In a press conference following the meeting Putin said Russia's activities to defend national security were not aggressive and targeted at no one.
The Titov space center is a military facility run by the Russian space forces and operates under tight security.
Putin said Chirac's visit there indicated that Russia is developing the most advanced weapons system but finds it possible to make contacts with its French partners in this project.
Putin stressed that this points out Russian transparency and openness in security matters.
2004-04-07
Philippines (PH)
International; terrorism; media
A record from the Philippine Immigrations Bureau shows the two suspected high-profile terrorists are most likely to stay in the Philippines.
A news channel ABS-CBN reported on 7 April 2004 that records from the Philippine Immigrations Bureau show at least two high-profile terrorist suspects are likely to stay in the country.
The ABS-CBN News channel stated that one of the two suspects identified as Isamudin Raduan Hambali was --
Hambali is alleged to have masterminded the bombings of Bali in 2002.
The Philippine Immigrations Bureau's record shows Hambali was allowed to enter and leave the Philippines in 2001.
Hambali was blacklisted as the most wanted terrorist in Asia.
Hambali was arrested in Thailand in February 2004 and 2007.
The Immigrations Bureau stated it had only recently received intelligence reports that Hambali had recorded in the country.
The record said Osama bin Laden's brother Sheik Mohammed Khalid may have traveled to and through the country a number of times.
Sheik Mohammed Khalid allegedly funded terrorist networks in the Philippines.
A high alert for the military and police was placed for the holy week of May 5, 2004.
6 suspected Abu Sayyaf suspects were captured last week in a separate raid in Metro Manila.
Suspected conspirators were foiled in plotting to launch an alleged terrorist attack as devastating as the Madrid bombings in Spain.
In a statement on 7 April 2004 President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo said the government was closely watching foreigners in the country who may be teaching local rebels and terrorists to make bombs and laundering money from terrorist organization al-Qaeda.
The ABS-CBN news channel is a local television station in Manila.
2004-04-29
China (CN); Germany (DE)
International; Government; technology; politics; economy
The Chinese Premier discussed plans for broad cooperation with Germany, an important trading partner, ahead of a visit to Europe.
Wen stated that the main purpose of the visit to Germany is to advance trade, economic and technology exchanges.
In an interview with Dieter Stolte on 29 April 2004 Premier Wen Jiabao stated that the Governments of China and Germany should establish solid cooperation, enhance consultations on major international issues and further strengthen trade and technology exchanges.
Wen was interviewed in a Die Welt publication before his imminent visit to Europe.
Wen is scheduled to visit five European nations including Germany starting on May 2, 2004.
Wen stated that the Chinese people are particularly familiar with Germany because Karl Marx had a profound influence on the Chinese revolution and economic construction.
Wen stated that there are many world renowned thinkers, writers, philosophers and artists in Germany.
Wen stated that the prediction of the classic German philosophy by Gottfried Leibnitz called Chinese confucian thought "influential" in Germany in the 18th century.
Wen stated Wen would visit Germany to advance trade, economic and technology exchanges.
The governments of China and Germany are expected to further increase co-operation in this regard.
Wen spoke about his brief visit to Frankfurt during his 1988 tour of the northern nations and stated that the friendship between China and Germany is sincere and fruitful and active.
Wen pledged to establish development goals for Sino-German relations and stated that a Sino-German bilateral relationship would constitute a mutual trust.
Wen stated that China's trade with Germany would amount to 430 million U.S. dollars and total about 1/3 of China's trade with Europe.
Wen stated that trade between China and Germany and Europe is expected to double in 2010.
Wen stated that the Chinese and German governments plan close cooperation in high-tech research and development as well as medium- and small-sized enterprises.
Wen stated that it is important to create channels to settle trade disputes between China and Germany and that China and Germany should address trade disputes between China and Germany.
China considers China the most important trading partner in Europe.
Wen cited in this statement that 600 of China's 7000 international - invested enterprises are located in Germany.
Wen stated that the Chinese government will support enterprises investing in Germany through loans, insurance, foreign exchange, financing and investment.
Having only recently started investing in China in this respect, Germany has invested much less in China.
Wen stated that the project of German investment in China will exceed 3500 and the total investment will be near 1 billion U.S. dollars.
Some German firms such as Volkswagen, Siemens and Daimler-Chrysler have been reputed for high quality and efficiency.
Wen stated that Chinese enterprises can progress and learn modern management through cooperation with German partners.
Wen stated that the countries are China's closest technology transfer partners in Europe.
Wen stated that China considers Sino-EU relations a crucial part of China's diplomatic strategy and that China and Europe will develop a comprehensive scheme partnership in 2003.
Wen stated that he is optimistic that the EU will soon lift the arms embargo against China and give China economic and market status.
Wen stated that the arms embargo is an outdated result of the cold war.
Wen stated that China has deep concern and sympathy for the Iraqi people in the current situation.
Wen stated that China and Europe have similar positions on the issue of reconstruction of Iraq.
Wen stated that the United Nations should play a dominant role in the process of reconstruction of Iraq and that every country should participate.
Wen stated that China is willing to participate in the process of reconstruction of Iraq.
Wen stated that it will be easy to win the war but winning peace will be much more difficult.
Wen stated that Wen was deeply worried about the increasing tension between Palestine and Israel and that the Chinese government hopes the dispute between Palestine and Israel can be resolved through political negotiations so that the two countries can share land in peace.
Regarding the situation in Palestine and Israel Wen stated that relevant UN resolutions must be implemented.
Wen stated that the Chinese government supports the peace plan in the Middle East and remains firmly opposed to violent retaliation.
When asked how China's rapidly growing economy will temper and realize balance growth, Wen stated that China's economy is generally very healthy, fast growing, corporate profits will increase, agricultural production will improve, foreign trade volume will expand, and financial revenues and individual income will grow rapidly.
The Chinese government will increase macro-control of the economy and employ all necessary administrative methods to restrict excessive construction of fixed assets which will cause prices of capital goods to rise and strain supplies of coal, electricity, oil and transportation.
Wen stated that the Chinese government will control loans and land supplies and advance structural and systematic reforms of current economic problems.
Regarding the issue of social balance, Wen stated that the new leadership of China will begin to resolve the problem of coordinating development between cities and countries and different regions, and will focus on balancing economic growth, social progress, domestic construction and external work, development and respect for nature.
Asked to comment on German Federal Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder's promise to support the sale of nuclear fuel from Hanau to China, Wen stated that Germany will cooperate with China in this field so that nuclear energy is exclusively utilized for peaceful purposes with equality and mutual benefits.
2004-09-22
China (CN); Kyrgyzstan (KZ)
International; Government; crime; dissent; terrorism
China and Kyrgyzstan pledged jointly to try to crack down on terrorism and other threats to regional and global security.
In a joint communique China and Kyrgyzstan agreed that terrorism, separatism and extremism still pose a major threat to regional security and stability.
On 22 September 2004 visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and Kyrgyzstan Premier Nikolai Tanayev signed a communique.
The communique said that China and Kyrgyzstan will strengthen coordination and cooperation between relevant authorities in accordance with the Shanghai Convention on combating terrorism, seperatism and extremism and the China-Kyrgyzstan Agreement on cooperation in combating terrorism, separatism and extremism.
The communique added that China and Kyrgyzstan will continue to adopt strong measures to jointly fight all forms of terrorism and maintain peace and tranquillity for China and the whole region according to the framework of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization.
China and Kyrgyzstan agreed to be a major part of the international anti-terrorism campaign to crack down on eastern Turkistan terrorist forces.
The so-called Eastern Turkistan terrorist group comprises a number of terrorist cells with secession in mind.
The communique said that China and Kyrgyzstan agreed to promote consultations and cooperation on issues of common concern within the frame of the United Nations and other international organizations.
In a communique China and Kyrgyzstan said peace, stability and just and rational political and economic order should be established based on the UN Charter, international law and principles.
China and Kyrgyzstan also agreed that international disputes should be solved by peaceful means, that the United Nations should play a leading role in safeguarding peace and security in the world and that development mode should be tried to diversify.
In a communique, China and Kyrgyzstan further agreed that the purpose and principles of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization must conform with reality and that development trends and activities are conducive to regional peace and stability.
The communique said China and Kyrgyzstan are willing to work together with other members of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization and will take effective measures to fight terrorism, separatism, extremism, drug trafficking, illegal immigration and cross-border crime.
The communique also said that China and Kyrgyzstan are ready to expand co-operation with other SCO members in economy and other fields, promote co-operation with other countries and international organizations, and strengthen their roles in maintaining regional and global peace and development.
2004-10-09
Vietnam (VN); Germany (DE)
International; Government; technology; politics; economy; money; leader
German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder will attend meetings with the leaders of Vietnam after the fifth Asia-Europe Meeting summit in Hanoi.
Officials from Germany and Vietnam signed 5 documents for financial, technical and business cooperation with a total value of over 2 million dollars.
A media report stated on 10 October 2004 that officials from Vietnam and Germany pledged further co-operation in fields such as investment, trade and technology and support for each other at the United Nations.
German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder will attend the 5th Asia-Europe Meeting summit in Hanoi on October 8 and 9, 2004.
In a separate talks and meeting with Schroeder held on 9 October 2004 the leader of Vietnam stated that the Vietnamese government supports the German government's bid for a permanent seat on the UN Security Council and wants to strengthen the relationship between the two countries.
Vietnam Prime Minister Phan Van Khai stated Schroeder's visit is important for the two countries' relations and closer cooperation.
Officials from Vietnam and Germany signed 5 financial, technical and business co-operation documents with a total value of over 2 million US dollars.
The document covers financial cooperation for two stages from 2003 to 2005, the purchase of 16 locomotive from the Vietnam Railway Corporation and equipment for local cement plants.
Vietnamese President Tran Duc Luong stated at a meeting with Schroeder that the Vietnamese government would like to receive more technology transfer and experience from Germany and be developed under the industrial process.
Schroeder stated that Vietnam is a great important country for German officials in an attempt to strengthen German-Vietnam ties.
The German government supports the Vietnamese government's bid for an "permanent" membership of the UN Security Council for the term from 2008 to 2009 and encourages small and medium-sized Vietnamese enterprises to do business with Vietnam.
The German government offered the Vietnamese government official development assistance worth more than 48 million dollars from 1990 to 2003 primarily for the reduction of poverty, agricultural development, healthcare and economic reform.
In 2003, Vietnam's trade volume with Germany rose by 7.7 % to reach 1.14 billion dollars, with 1.15 billion of this coming in the form of exports.
2004-12-19
Hong Kong (HK); China (CN)
technology; international
Hong Kong University will collaborate with mainland Chinese universities, businesses and government sectors to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote the commercialization and transfer of high technology research.
In 2004, Hong Kong's tertiary institute made active contributions to improving Sino - Hong Kong high - technology research and development relations.
Hong Kong University will collaborate with the tertiary education, business and government sectors of mainland China to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer.
In June 2004, Hong Kong Polytechnic University joined the university park of the virtual University Park in Shenzhen, China's National Science and Technology Center, becoming Hong Kong's first tertiary institute to establish research centers and training facilities in mainland China.
PolyU President Poon Chung-kwong stated that the public and private sectors in Hong Kong will strengthen connections with mainland China in various areas.
Poon stated that Hong Kong's cooperation with China will facilitate the more effective promotion of technology transfer and human resources development in mainland China, creating positive results for mainland China and Hong Kong.
The City University of Hong Kong signed an agreement with the University of Science and Technology of China in Anhui in June to jointly establish a joint research center for high-level research in Suzhou.
The Chinese Academy of Sciences established the University of Science and Technology of China.
The agreement is based on the principle of a mutual benefit co-operation that complements each other's strengths in working together on joint research projects, supervising, teaching and administering professional training opportunities.
To enhance communication between Hong Kong and mainland China in disciplines, Hong Kong University has joined the large - scale high - technology exchange program. It is a partner of education institutes.
At the sixth annual China Hi-tech Fair held in Shenzhen in October 2004, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology demonstrated its latest achievements in research and development.
HKUST has demonstrated more than 30 new technologies and products covering a wide range of technology including nanotechnology, multimedia, logistics, radio frequency identification technology, advanced manufacturing and biotechnology.
HKUST will also collaborate with prominent mainland manufacturers to develop high capacity lithium batteries based on nanomaterials.
This collaboration is the latest in a series of successful technology transfer agreements reached by HKUST.
HKUST President Paul Ching-Wu Chu stated --
HKUST will increase funding for research into new technology required by the Pearl River Delta industry.
The University will continue to leverage extensive co-operation with international research institutions and multinational corporations to enhance the development of advanced technology that can be practically applied in China.
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, September 1st, by reporter Guojun Yang
At a meeting with Vice Premier Chavalit Yoncayu, concurrent Minister of Thailand's Domestic Affairs, Huaqing Liu, vice chairman of the Central Military Commission, said it is important for China to develop a great deal of friendly and cooperative relations with the Thai government, people and armed forces, especially in terms of economy and trade.
Huaqing Liu said the Chinese and Thai people have a traditional friendship, and the Sino - Thai relationship is also very friendly.
He said that this visit by Vice Premier Chavalit and mutual visits by other high-level leaders of China and Thailand will benefit promote further development of the relationship and efficient co-operation between the two countries in all fields.
Chavalit said he was extremely happy to meet Vice Chairman Liu.
In recent years, he said, China's economic development has accelerated, and the Thai government and people have felt extremely happy.
He said he agreed with Huaqing Liu's opinion that Thailand and China should further develop economic and trade co-operation in various forms.
( End )
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, September 1st
At a news conference held this afternoon, Guofang Shen, foreign ministry spokesperson, announced that President Gentzs Aerpade of the Hungarian Republic will pay a state visit to China from September 14th to 17th, on the invitation of President Zemin Jiang.
He also announced a friendly and formal visit to China on September 6-11 by Premier Casymier Auye Muba of the Gabon Republic on the invitation of Premier Peng Li of the State Council.
Tanzanian Premier and First Vice President John Malsela will pay an official visit to China from September 9th to 13th on the invitation of Premier Peng Li of the State Council.
( End )
Xinhua News Agency, Bishket, April 23rd, by reporters Menjun Ju and Xiaoguang Hu
The principles of concerned parties from China and Kyrghizia were signed here today.
Premier Peng Li and President Akayev attended the signing ceremony.
Among the six documents, the people of China and Kirghizia agreed to form a combined Economy and Trade Committee, a note exchange on presenting materials to each other, an agreement on cultural cooperation between the two countries, a letter of ratification on exchange of consular treaties, and an agreement to cooperate with China's Trade Promotion Council and the Chamber of Industry and Commerce.
After the signing ceremony President Akayev and Premier Peng Li answered reporters' questions.
Akayev highly commended the results of the conference with Peng Li.
He expressed that this visit by Premier Peng Li will promote the peace, security and stability of Central Asia.
He feels that the recently signed documents are very important to enforce good neighborhood relations and friendly cooperation between both countries.
Premier Peng Li said this visit will improve mutual friendship and understanding and will set a good foundation for further co-operation between China and Kirghizia.
He expressed hope that Central Asia will be stable and develop, and that people's living standards will continuously improve.
Peng Li hoped the Kyrghizian news media would relay greetings from the Chinese to the Kyrgyz people.
( End )
Xinhua News Agency, Tokyo, September 1st, by reporter Yiguo Yu
A Japanese delegation participating in the sixth Far East and South Pacific Handicapped Sports Meet held a grand swearing-in ceremony in Tokyo this afternoon.
The Japanese flag was hung on the stage of the chairman.
Sportsmen, coaches, doctors, nurses and delegation officials sat neatly below the stage.
The ceremony grounds were filled with an atmosphere of confidence and eagerness for progress.
Japanese Vice Minister of State Welfare Souyasen delivered a delegation a buoyed departure speech.
The Far South Sports Meet will be an international sports meeting held in Beijing and will attract world attention, said Souya, adding that it will be the largest international sports meeting to date.
He fully hoped all athletes would demonstrate the strength and skills he cultivated every day, as all athletes should honestly compete against athletes from various countries as Japanese representatives.
Souya emphasized that the Japanese delegation must use this opportunity to participate in the Beijing Far South Sports Meet by deepening its friendship with athletes from various countries and expanding the scope of international friendship.
Souya handed over the delegation flag of Japan to head of the Tokyo Handicapped Integrated Sports Center Banminyan.
With a tight, orderly, warm, serious swearing in ceremony, this reporter felt the Japanese Handicapped Sports Team had been well trained, disciplined, and possessed a fighting spirit.
The Japanese delegation will fly to Beijing on the 2nd.
After the closing ceremony of the Sports Meet, they will remain in Beijing for two days to carry out activities such as interaction with relevant Chinese parties, visiting and touring China, returning to Japan on the 13th.
( End )
In a script broadcast today titled Mongolia's handicapped athletes prepare for the Far South Sports Meet, the chairman of the Sports Association should be changed from Lahagewasulen to Lahagewasu at the end of the third paragraph.
Xinhua News Agency, August 31st
Xinhua News Agency, Seoul, August 31st, by reporter Shuifu Tang
The Chinese competition in the Le Tian Cup for the Go game started today in the second largest city in Korea, Fushan.
In the first round of competition, the Chinese team defeated the relatively stronger Korean team 4 - 3.
Each side has 7 Go players in competition today.
Weiping Nie defeated Guibing Cui of the Korean team, Xiaoguang Liu defeated Xiuying Zhang of the Chinese team, Hao Chang defeated Fengzhu Xu of the Korean team, Dayuan Cao defeated Xuange Lin of the Chinese team.
Xiaoguang Liu, Hao Chang and Weiping Nie won the middle game.
Dayuan Cao won with an advantage of 7.5 mu.
XunXuan Cao of the Korean team defeated Jing Lui of the Chinese team, Changhao Li of the Korean team defeated Xiaocun Ma of the Chinese team, Changhe Liu of the Korean team defeated Jianhong Wang of the Chinese team.
XunXuan Cao won the middle game.
Changhao Li won with an advantage of 6.5 m and Changhe Liu won with an advantage of 7.5 m.
When receiving telephone interviews from reporters, leader of the Chinese delegation Runan Wang presented the Korean team as stronger overall speaking than the Chinese team.
However, the Chinese team performed better today to win.
The performance of Hao Chang, our young competitor who defeated the Korean team's Fengzhu Xu in the middle game, especially stood out today.
Fengzhu Xu has won many championships in international competitions before.
He has won completely in the nine games he has played against Chinese Go players before.
The Chinese and Korean Go teams will shift to Seoul on September 1st and will make their second competition at the Le Tian Hotel on September 2nd.
The result of the competition between Weiping Nie of the Chinese team and XunXuan Cao of the Korean team will determine the final result if both sides draw 7-7 according to the rules discussed and agreed upon by both sides.
The prize money for the competition this time is 100,000 American dollars. The winner gets 70,000 American dollars and the loser gets 3,000 American dollars.
( End )
Xinhua News Agency, Rome, September 1st, by reporters Aiguo Yang and Changrui Huang
A preliminary for the diving board of the 7th World Swimming Championship will be held here this morning.
The Chinese competitors Lan Wei and Sheng Chen qualified for the semi-finals.
Wei Lan, a 26 - year - old from Guangdong and a stand - out skillful person, occupied the lead position with a preliminary score of 355.35 points.
Sheng Chen of Hubei, a 19-year-old, was temporarily in the sixth position with a total score of 342.60 points.
German athlete Bao Lizuo was the second-placed, scoring 355.02 points, slightly lower than Wei Lan.
Si Aiwan, a Zimbabwean competitor who is temporarily in third place, scored 354.39 points in total.
After the competition, the coach of the Chinese diving team said to our agency reporters that Sheng Chen was a little nervous today.
He also said our athletes are not very used to competing under strong sunlight.
They are mostly trained indoors at home.
Looks like we still need more outdoor training.
He feels there are more new competitors from our country participating in this competition.
They still lack experience in international competition.
A preliminary competition for women to dive on a 10-metre platform will be held this afternoon.
Mingxia Fu, who won our country's championship at the World Championship and Olympic Games, and Bin Chi, from Hebei province, won our championship at the World Cup.
( End )
Xinhua News Agency, Rome, September 1st, by reporters Changrui Huang and Aiguo Yang
Mingxia Fu and Bin Chi, the female competitors of the Chinese diving team, will be ideal to perform in the first six rounds of the 10 - meter diving preliminary competition of the 7th World Swimming Championships held here today, and there is a sight of hope that they will enter the heat.
At the first six rounds of competition, Mingxia Fu temporarily occupied the first position with a total of 339.12 points, Bin Chi occupied the third with a total of 290.19 points when this reporter dispatched.
Without the accident, their hope to enter the heat is already in sight.
American competitor Richard occupies the second position.
Her performance was 303.00 points.
Lan Wei and Sheng Chen, in preliminary diving on a one - meter diving platform, already gained heat rights this morning.
Women's preliminary competition in water polo today results in Hungary defeating Canada 13-7, France 10-9, Australia 10-8, Russia 7-6, the United States 10-5, Italy 12-2.
The 12 teams in total participated in the competition.
( End )